You
Maybe you can give me a sound check as long as you're here already in first, please
Look, okay, if we do I guess I'm just gonna start this thing because it is a very long video
Holy cow, I'm gonna run it at 1.5 speed left-hand monkey wrench just for your oh
An awareness 1.5 is the speed and we're gonna have to leave it that way because I think it's a two hour
two two hour thing here
We'll see how far we get want to thank everybody for coming the members of the media obviously members of the audience and particularly participants who
journeyed a long ways in many places and spend some time and effort they're preparing for this in preparing for this
Event I was reminded of Lewis Brandeis's quote in the Supreme Court decision Whitney versus California
To quote him if there be a time to expose through discussion the falsehood and fallacies to avert the evil by the processes of education
The remedy to be applied is more speech not enforced silence. I think that quote
Is completely applicable to what's been happening over the last three four years during the pandemic
To me that the COVID pandemic has opened my eyes to the failure and corruption of the global elite and their institutions including government
Unfortunately, many eyes remain closed and the global elite will use all of their power to keep them closed
They maintain power by controlling information. They relentlessly push their narrative while at the same time suppressing and marginalizing dissident voices
In this case, they overhyped fear over a virus they helped create in order to push a profitable gene therapy platform
and gain greater control of our lives
Along the way they sabotage early treatment denied natural immunity and vaccine injuries caused trillions of dollars of economic devastation and destroyed an untold number of people's lives
Unfortunately, they remain in control
Today I've assembled some of the dissident voices many have paid a heavy price for exercising their right to free speech to offer a different perspective
A perspective that was not allowed. Some of the panel would be familiar to the audience. Some would be new faces
They come from diverse backgrounds, but they all share one attribute their eyes have been opened and once opened they will not be closed
The title for today's event is federal health agencies and the covid cartel
What are they hiding?
My eyes have been opened over the last several years because I became aware of certain facts that have largely been suppressed
As well as policies pushed by the elite that they had no sense to me and were contrary to the common good
Two weeks ago. I received an email with an all-too-common story of heartbreak and despair
This from a young man whose 36-year-old wife's periods stopped within a couple of weeks of receiving her second covid vaccine
They were recently married and planned on having children
I recommended they contact the frontline covid-19 critical care lines flcc one of the few groups of doctors attempting to treat vaccine injuries
Let me quote from his last email to me quote
We had already gotten covid in february 2020 alas unless they can bring her ovaries back to life
I'm not sure dr. Corey can help it breaks my heart. She chose career got the the baby family bug and now she can't have children
She cries all the time
Apologize to me like it's her fault
Someone needs to make them pay and we need safeguards so that this doesn't happen again
Unquote that pretty well sums up the purpose of today's public event exposing the truth of what happened and holding people accountable
So we can prevent a travesty like this from ever happening again
Now i'm sure the response from the code card tell will be something like quote senator
Fertility problems in 36-year-old women are very common. Unquote just like former nah director frances. Howl's palance told me when I asked about
All the deaths being reported in veers quote senator people die
Unquote
The fact that both of these statements are as true as they are callous highlights the challenge we face in exposing the truth
On thursday february 15th the health select committee on the coronavirus pandemic held the public hearing on the code of vaccine
The subcommittee was not on what I would consider a fact-finding mission
Instead its purpose appeared to be rehabilitating federal health agencies that have lost the trust of many americans and reinforcing the mantras
That the vaccines are safe and effective vaccine injuries are rare that benefits outweigh the risk and that the science is clear and overwhelming
And anyone challenging this narrative is on is an anti-science conspiracy theorist in other words
Second opinions are not allowed to me this attitude is the antithesis of science true scientific inquiry starts with skepticism
Challenging what we think we know but might not be so
I believe the growing corruption of science scientific research medical journals federal health agencies and as a result the practice of medicine
Has been exposed in the failed response to the pandemic
To repair that the damage that has been done. We must honestly and relentlessly pursue the truth
I am grateful to today's participants and to all those who are fiercely doing just that
One final point. I am amazed at the knowledge mankind has obtained
For the millennia, but I would argue that what we don't know
Vastly exceeds what we do know
So as we pursue truth, we must pursue it with the humility that that reality demands
now
That's my opening statement
The title of this hearing is what are they hiding?
My own evidence of that is for example over 60 oversight letters that I've written through the federal health agencies
This is just a small number covering two issues hotlocks and standard operating procedures of their analysis on theirs
But some of my first oversight letters were prompted by the emails that were released under foya
In june of 2021. These are Anthony fauci's emails
Again, they released under foya in other words, so we had to go to court
Even though members of congress we we have the right to see these things. Some of you had to take them to court
Once they released about 4,000 pages we requested unredacted versions of these things on june 11th 2021
By july, we received basically the same 4,000 redacted pages
In september 2021 we requested only 400 to 4,000 we narrowed our our request in october
2021 through january 2022 they allowed us to look at 50 pages at a time in a reading room
We couldn't take copies. We just take notes
We are down to the last 50 pages
They will not release these let's spend now going close to two years. This is what
It's been provided to us
You think there might be some incriminating information in this now again. These are government documents. This is government federal federal records
This should be made available to congress. This should be made available to american public, but it is not so that's the fauci emails
My letters on hotlocks i've written four of them starting in december of 2021 the first letter compared 25,000 lots of covid vaccine
The 22,000 lots of flu vaccine one covid lot had 5,297 adverse reactions associated with it the worst flu lot had 137
So 5,300 versus 137 365 covid lots had more than 100 adverse events only 10 flu lots had more than 100
And 80% of the serious adverse events those with emergency room visits hospitalization or death
We're associated with only 5% a lot so again to me i'm from manufacturing that shows to me a manufacturing process out of control
You know took us a year to get some kind of response and basic response from the ncs was
We don't see any variation in lots. Okay
On january 29 2001 shortly after the emergency use authorization the fd and cdc issued a standing operating procedure on their base analysis
They're going to do what they call proportional reporting ratios
I've I've written eight letters to the ncs on this first of all the cdc said we don't do the prr wasn't done
Then later on somebody in some context admitted that they were done
So we can't contact them about that contradiction they've been okay
We did and but what we're really doing is we're going to rely on a much better analysis empirical Bayesian data mining
But we don't do what the fda does so that so the run around continue so we go the fda to this day
We have not received any of the empirical Bayesian analysis that they said they're relying on why not
What are they hiding?
Again
We pay their salaries. We fund their agencies. We fund these studies the american people have a right to know
And they're not being given that knowledge
So with that, I'd like to turn it over to uh, dr. Robert Malone
So i'm going to pause it here for a second
I'm going to test out this other stuff over here. Let me see if I can go this way and that way
Um
So
This is senator ron johnson's hearing i'm not going to stop it that often. I promise
Um, the covid cartel, what are they hiding over hyped fear
over a virus they made
And they suppressed early treatment. So it was a lot of the
The kind of story that we're we're used to now. This is this is the tv narrative. This is the scooby-doo figured out
Science is corrupt and science publishing is corrupt. We know that's part of the
You know that that's part of this. That's the truth that we're that we're now learning
And we're slowly titrating it out onto the general public that
so much of what they thought of as the ivory towers of
of sort of
Beyond reproach science are not actually that at all
Um, what we don't know far exceeds what we do know is a fantastic way for him to start
He should have just started with that and left it there
Um, 60 letters of oversight were sent by his office
Um, they got emails by a fauci or sorry by a foya of fauci. This is also part of the
pretty standard tv scooby-doo
Um, these redacted pages remain redacted. I wonder if they're covering anything up
He actually said that
Um, then he talked about hot lots, which I think could be
Um, an interesting story. However, he used this opportunity
um
For whatever reason to say that, um
One seems to be a lot safer than the other flooge our shots are safer than covid
Um, i'm not sure we want to be debating that right now. I'm not really sure that's a comparison. We want to make
Um, i'm not sure we can trust any of the data that we really have on flu vaccine because of the way
That bears was done in the past and is done now. I just don't think that's a very good thing to do
I'm not I don't know whether and exactly why it just doesn't feel like the right idea
Um, bears analysis, um, and whether or not they're doing it and you know
How they're doing it the data that they found is not released whatever he called it the Bayesian analysis
And now he's going to turn it over to, um, the granddaddy
Uh
Robert Malone and i'm just going to follow along here
We're probably going to let it go a little bit longer
Um, before I stop it again, but it's such a long video
I'm going to try really hard not to stop it at all, but I I know that i'm going to have to do it
Um, let's uh, let me see how does that work this way
And then that way
Yep
Kim alone is a Maryland licensed physician and signs with over 30 years of experience in the biotech and biodepants industry
Federal contracting regulatory fairs and project management. He's a named inventor on nine us patents covering the initial invention and use of m rna
Is a drug for vaccines jot Malone
Thank you senator. I'll be succinct
The sarsko v2 modified m rna based vaccine products
Were deployed by emergency use authorization without adequate nonclinical and clinical testing
And without full disclosure of known patient risk and efficacy data
This violated well established legislatively mandated patient informed consent requirements
The fda and hhs justified these actions as necessary due to reliance on deeply flawed modeling data
Indicating that sarsko v2 was associated with an infection fatality rate of 3.4
3.4 out of every 100 people infected would die that was what the modeling was
That was the justification
Subsequent clinical research experience has revealed a number of problems with the genetic vaccine technology based sarsko v2 products
Which have been marketed as vaccines
In most cases there's been an effort to obscure or deny facts in public communication by government and pharmaceutical industry representatives
These inconvenient facts include the following
I'm going back to sorry
3.4 out of every 100 people infected would die that was what the modeling was
That was the justification
Subsequent clinical research experience has revealed a number of problems with the genetic vaccine technology based sarsko v2 products
Which have been marketed as vaccines
In most cases there's been an effort to obscure or deny facts in public communication by government and pharmaceutical industry representatives
These inconvenient facts include the following
First the modified mRNA and adenoviral vector products employ cutting edge gene therapy and gene delivery technologies and should be regulated as gene therapy products
Number two these quote leaky products did not prevent infection replication and spread of sarsko v2
An indiscriminate mass administration of these products contributed to evolution of more antibody resistant viral strains
Oh boy, here we go. I got it. I got to do these list again. I'm going to back up just a bit because I had to turn it over
You know, I'm still using I'm still using paper
I want I really want to hear all of this again. So I'm going to go back just a bit. I hope you don't mind that was the justification
Subsequent clinical research experience has revealed a number of problems with the genetic vaccine technology based sarsko v2 products
which have been marketed as vaccines in most cases there's been an effort to obscure or deny facts in public communication
By government and pharmaceutical industry representatives. These inconvenient facts include the following
First the modified mRNA and adenoviral vector products employ cutting edge gene therapy and gene delivery technologies and should be regulated as gene therapy products
You
Number two these quote leaky products did not prevent infection replication and spread of sarsko v2
An indiscriminate mass administration of these products contributed to evolution of more antibody resistant viral strains
In contrast number three to official hhs communications
These products distribute throughout the body after injection and are not localized to injection site and associated draining lymph nodes
This wide distribution contributes to product toxicity and risk
Number four the viral quote spike protein which these products cause patients bodies to manufacture
Is a genetically engineered toxin?
Number five the lipid nanoparticle formulation used to deliver the modified mRNA has intrinsic toxicity in humans
Number six these products do not deliver natural messenger RNA
But rather toxicity number five the lipid nanoparticle formulation used to deliver the modified mRNA as intrinsic toxicity in humans
But rather a synthetic chemically modified form with extended stability which causes the body to produce quote frame-shifted unnatural
unintended proteins in addition to the spike protein
You
Number seven these products are contaminated with previously undisclosed short DNA fragments
Which are also delivered into tissues and cells of patients and which may damage patients genomes
That concludes my testimony
Dr. Malone into tissues and in number seven these products are contaminated with previously undisclosed short DNA fragments
Which are also delivered into tissues and cells of patients and which may damage patients genomes that concludes my testimony
Dr. Malone
I think one of the things that always bothers me is so much of
What we're learning in terms of harms these vaccines was clearly known before they were rolled out
Can you kind of you kind of went over a list of a number of things?
But what was known before they'd ever got the emergency use authorization?
We have the
Artificial evidence of what was known in the form of the Pfizer common technical document that was first obtained by Byron Bridal from the japanese
It was prevented from being distributed by the u.s. FDA and it revealed extensive understanding that we had this widespread
Biodistribution of these products that they caused the encoded protein to be manufactured in virtually every major tissue throughout the body
It was known that there was a strong inflammatory and toxic reactions associated with these lipid nanoparticles
This is fundamental knowledge. It was in the field of these cationic based lipid nanoparticle delivery systems
It was known that these particles will deliver both RNA and DNA into cells and tissues
It was known that the modification the pseudo uridine
Altered the immune response to the RNA. That's the whole reason why the incorporation of pseudo uridine was performed
It was known that the pseudo uridine would increase the longevity of these products that this was not natural RNA
It was not known and not investigated as to whether or not these products would be quote shed
It was not known and not investigated whether or not these products would cause reproductive toxicity
Whether they would be secreted in body fluids
A number of things that should have been investigated under normal FDA protocols and procedures
not the least of which is characterization of the contamination or adulteration
Of the short DNA fragments which are intrinsic to the manufacturing process
And which in prior FDA regulations have always been considered to be a risk for a form of genome toxicity called insertional mutagenesis
Let me ask because you
Oh boy, uh
It's hard for me to write so fast
It had always failed correct and can you describe when it was tested again?
It seems like it'd be marvelous invention. It could you know be used for you know specific applications
But why why was it never successfully rolled out before the pandemic?
So that's a good question and it's a complex tortured pathway having to do with politics patents different companies their financial interests and uh academia
there was a basically a
Leg prior between the initial discoveries and when the accelerated development was
Largely sponsored by DARPA that had to do with the patent half-life
So when the when the patents were finally expired that had originally been filed in 1989 1990 then
uh, there was a rapid increase in development effort but repeated failures in terms of the toxicology
inflammatory responses and
Inadequate immune responses there has been major
Let me just operate there. So what you're saying is they noticed that this caused inflammation
They noticed that it was not particularly effective. So they knew this from previous testing different applications
This didn't come as a surprise to anybody. Correct. They kind of surprised you correct
I but I was when I called colleagues early on I was reassured including Peter colas
The university of british columbia who really should have received the Nobel prize
I was reassured that these issues had been addressed that these particles would remain localized at the site of injection
Um, it turns out that was
Okay
This is a very big deal
This is a very big deal. We need to listen to this again. This is not funny anymore. This is some shit right here
I called colleagues early on I was reassured including Peter colas
The university of british columbia who really should have received the Nobel prize
I was reassured that these issues had been addressed that these particles would remain localized at the site of injection
It turns out that was uh, let's say a triumph of hope over data. Wasn't that a lie? Yeah, I think that's I mean
If they'd already done the bi-distribution studies in Japan knew this they knew it was going to buy distribute uh, accumulate in every order in the body
They knew
Because he's I I need you to see how how this is really important
Um
So what we have here, okay
Let's just start from the top and then we're going to end it at the bottom because this is really important to understand so follow along
He has listed
The problems very succinctly the modified rna is cutting edge gene delivery products. What are he's talking about is the lmp
And we need to regulate them, but not just the lmp
But it's just a combination of these things are are cutting edge
Gene delivery products. They're leaky products. They led to the evolution of the virus. That's an interesting statement to make that we
Don't really have any data for bio distribution of the lmp
So he actually brings up the biorum bridal, uh, idea the spike protein is a genetically engineered toxin period
That's what he said. Um, the lmp formulation is toxic in humans. That's a pretty big revelation there
Um
Uh, it's not m rna
But it's modified rna chemically altered causes errors of all kinds were familiar with all this stuff
And then it is of course contaminated or adulterated with double stranded dna
Now here's where senator ron john puts him on the on the
puts him on the hot seat in my humble opinion because his question is how much was known before
Now we could easily go back to the brat wine stein podcast and find out exactly how much was known
How much did he reveal on brat wine steins podcast about this list of things that you're seeing right here
Just think back look back to your notes
And i'm going to give it to you as homework because i'm not going to answer these questions
Even though i know the answer to these questions
Was he talking about the fiser documents that biorum bridal had released was he talking about those
on
brat wine steins podcast or not did he talk about how the lmp was known to be toxic on brat wine steins podcast or not
Did he talk about how it was known to have an inflammatory response or did he not talk about that
Did he talk about that the ability of these products to deliver both dna and rna on brat wine steins podcast
Because he seems to be portraying these things as things that were known before the pandemic and who better to know them than him
The idea that pseudo uradine would greatly lengthen the the staying power of the vaccine or or the sorry the m rna
The idea that shedding might be a problem was in the fiser documents
So did they talk about that at all on brat wine steins podcast
In june of 2021 what about the potential for reproductive toxicity
They talk about not having sex or sexual contact with people who have been
Have been given the fiser shot in the fiser
paperwork
And then he's talking about adulteration now
It's my understanding that he would have known already that that adulteration was possible if there was a process to
That used ecoli to produce the dna that was then converted
To the rna that was used in the shot he would have already known that as he was saying
In this talk where he says the dna in previous formulations in previous biologics
And when we talk about biologics, what are we talking about? We're talking mostly about
Antibodies and when you make antibodies, you're not allowed to have any dna and there's a concept of this is not foreign
And so quite a bit of what he's saying here is true
That question that always comes to my mind now is who at what point did he roll all these things out?
If they were known before the pandemic even started
If if the very dangers of transfection were generally understood before the pandemic even started
Never mind the specifics of the lmp's that are being used
Never mind the specifics of the apparently
genetically designed
toxin
This is a very extraordinary list of statements that ends down here at the bottom
with
uh
The idea that they waited for the patents to expire
And then they started this stuff
now
I don't I wonder if you're you're you're really
You hear what he just said because this is really oh my gosh. I'm so excited that this
I can't believe that this is this good
Actually, we're not staying the arm when I stay in studies in Japan. That was uh, let's say a triumph of hope over data
I always had been into your colus surprised at you. Correct. Um, I but I was when I called colleagues early on I was reassured including Peter colus
The University of British Columbia who really should have received the Nobel Prize
I was reassured that these issues had been addressed that these particles would remain localized at the site of injection
Um, it turns out that was holy crap. Do you hear it? Do you hear what i'm i'm about to say?
Can you hear it? Please tell me you can hear this
He is suggesting that he called Peter colus
Who told us quite frankly on a video in 2022 that he burned five postdocs
Trying to get these things to stay in some particular place and they don't
And so he's trying to say that despite all of the knowledge that he had which is of course this knowledge
Right here, right? This all of this knowledge right here that he had
All this knowledge that he knew all this problems that he's identified now
But more importantly after the q&a all these things that we should have known
From the very beginning that we're already known about
Transfection in general. It's a long and political history that has to do with patents and intellectual property and blah blah blah
It has to do with the biology of
Transfection
It had to do with brian bridles
Dibulging the the information that he found from the japanese disclosures
And so here we are talking about this right now and he's saying that he called peter colus
He called peter colus and peter colus told him that these problems had been solved
Peter colus told him that these problems had been solved
Peter colus lied to him and told him that these problems had been solved
And that's why when he was on the Brett Weinstein podcast
He had to say that he took the vaccine
Because he thought he had they had fixed those problems because peter colus had lied to him
But it's really weird that he doesn't seem very upset about it because in the sentence before this he said that peter colus
Should have really gotten the nobel prize for being a liar
huh
Huh
What's going on here
Please tell me that
Please tell me that someone else sees the craziness here
How is this possible that you in one sentence you say that peter colus really should have gotten the nobel prize
But that creep at the beginning of the pandemic
Assured me that everything was fixed with these things and here I am now
I had long COVID and I got vaccine injured and all this other crap, whatever he said
Oh my gosh, I just am I can't even we're not even five minutes in it. It's uh, let's say a triumph of hope over data
Wasn't that a lie? Yeah, I think that's I mean if they'd already done the biodistribution studies in Japan do this
They knew it was going to buy distribute
Accumulate in every order in the body they knew
That the vaccine would not stay in the arm would not stay localized and that these inflammatory responses and all the other problems of DNA
Would would be an issue?
Colus is the one who said he poured some bourbon after they got the uh answer that the shots were 95
Effective listen to him. It's he senator ron john asked him. Isn't this a lie?
This didn't come as a surprise to anybody correct. You didn't kind of surprise you
Correct. Um, I but I was
Where does steven where does steven hackville say that?
I
Need to see that link. I was reassured including peter colus
The university of british columbia who really should have received the nobel prize
I was reassured that these issues had been addressed that these particles would remain localized at the site of injection
Um, it turns out that was uh, let's say a triumph of hope over data. Wasn't that a lie?
Yeah, I think that's I mean if they'd already done the biodistribution studies in Japan do this
They knew is going to buy distribute
Accumulate in every order in the body they knew that the vaccine would not stay in the arm
Would not stay localized and that these inflammatory responses and all the other problems of DNA
Would be an issue correct and what's fascinating about that is that the
FDA allowed the use of the least sensitive method to detect that distribution
This is akin to some of the artifacts that dr
McCurnan has found in the dna analysis
So the fda knowingly allowed the least sensitive method and I actually had a zoom teleconference with dr
marx to discuss this and was reassured that
The new data package, which is the one that was blocked by the courts for 70 years
Um demonstrated that there was no risks and I should not be concerned about these things
So I actually attempted to communicate to the fda and peter marx about my concerns and about the meaning of the data and the apparent
Uh use of the least sensitive method to analyze the distribution and I was casually dismissed
Thank dr
Mlona next participant is dr. Jessica rose
She has a bachelor's degree in applied mathematics masters in medicine immunology
PhD in computation biology and post doctors and mic molecular biology and biochemistry
She is currently an independent researcher in scientific writer sharing her work on her website and subset platforms and so does dr
Mlona a lot of the participants here are using that platform to be able to speak freely
Dr. Rosie you currently like school a lot better than I did, but please go ahead
Thanks. Um, I'd like to thank senator johnson for this incredible opportunity to speak like dr
Mlona chemistry. She's currently an independent immunology immunology
PhD in computational biology and post doctors and mic molecular biology and biochemistry
She is currently an independent researcher in scientific writer sharing her work on her website and subset platforms
And so does dr. Mlona a lot of the participants here are using that platform to be able to speak freely
Dr. Rosie you apparently like school a lot better than I did, but please go ahead
Okay, now, um, I just want to say that it's interesting to have a bachelor's degree in applied math and a degree in medicine and
Computational biology and immunology and biochemistry and molecular biology and not have a position anywhere
But then instead really just working at
Working at home from sub stack
Sharing her insights into bears, I guess now
It could be that that's that's really where we are that that's the the real explanation for what's going on
That's really what is going on with her life
Um, but I would say from the perspective of a former professional biologist with 20 years of experience under my belt as an international biologist
Nobody calls
Postdoctoral degrees postdoctoral degrees. You don't get a postdoctoral degree in biochemistry
You don't get a postdoctoral degree in molecular biology. You don't get a postdoctoral degree in immunology
And most of her original publications from her PhD and first two postdocs are virology papers
Albeit that she does the modeling for the virology paper or the simulation for the virology paper. Do you see where we're going here?
And
Simulations were used to get us into this mess simulations are being used in in lieu of of real experiments. No
Some of her postdocs were
Were funded by NATO. You can just look up her papers and click on them
And then you can see that that it says where
Where this person is from it doesn't say like, you know
the University of Pittsburgh. It doesn't say
uh
You know department of medicine at at Yale
It says NATO
And now for somebody with so many degrees without a faculty position
It's just bizarre that now the second person to speak in front of the senate in this hearing is a Canadian
Israeli
I
I'm good with it. I'm great with it. It's fine
But this is another person in my mind who was on the spike protein very early
on VAERS very focused
And has been touring the world for the last three years focused on VAERS with some of these people that i'm fairly sure are medlers
Which which include
This guy that just spoke who
uh the
One of the earliest videos that I can find of him on the internet is him giving a 45-minute presentation to the who in 2011
And handing over the microphone to rick bright
So pardon me if i'm a little skeptical of that guy, but then now
darn it
How many times has Jessica rose been on the tommy podcast
How many times has she been on the tommy podcast alone and has she ever been on the tommy podcast with anyone else
If you don't know the answers to those questions think about the fact
That once you answer that question that robert malone has been on the tommy podcast four times
And that steven hatville has been on the tommy podcast twice
I
Thanks
I'd like to thank senator johnson for this incredible opportunity to speak today
It is in fact the third invitation extended to me
But only the first that I could attend due to dr konian impositions on freedom of movement that we've all been subjected to over the past four years
Thank you all for attending and caring
Uh so much about each other and injured today. I speak for the people injured by the covid 19 injectable products through VAERS data
Analysis of the various pharmacovigilance database in the context of the covid 19 injectable products has revealed strong
emergent safety signals for myocarditis to death that are not being acknowledged by the only okay
I'm just going to say it. Okay. I don't I have to say it and i'm going to say it
This necklace is weird because when the light reflects off of it, it actually becomes an uptight upside down cross
It's very hard to see
The little piece of metal that it hangs from and when it gets bright
It looks like an uptight down cross the the hanger is as wide as the top of the cross
And there's hardly any space in between it. And so when the light shines right, it actually looks like an upside down cross
But i'm sure that means nothing
dang it
Terners of the data this goes against standard operating procedures and begs the question why are the injured being hidden?
Fact the brad-fertile criteria are used to assess causality and epidemiological data such as the various pharmacovigilance system
Fact the proportional reporting ratio is used to assess whether or not a particular adverse event is more commonly recorded in the context of a particular drum
If the prr is greater than one, the causal effect is indicated
Fact the prr calculation for death from bears in the context of the covid-19 shots using current bears data is 3.6
Fact the underreported number of deaths successfully filed to bears by january 20th 2021 was 634
Based on historical guidelines. This was a sufficient this was sufficient as a signal
Not only to prompt an investigation but to shut down the rollout of the covid-19 shots
Fact in 1999 a rotavirus vaccine designed to prevent rotavirus
The diastroenteritis was pulled from the market due to an intersusception signal emanating from bears
Which comprised 584 cases question if 584 cases of intersusception were enough to prompt product removal
Then why weren't 634 cases of death not enough to prompt covid-19 product removal fact the early death count was hidden
Fact currently 1,615,998 reports of adverse events have been successfully filed to bears in the context of the covid-19 indexable products
With a staggering 1,013,442 reports filed in 2021 alone when considering both the foreign and domestic data sets
The number of adverse events reported to the domestic bears data set for all vaccines combined has been on average 39,000 in total per year
And has been very slowly and steadily increasing in direct proportion to the increasing number of vaccine products on the market see slide one
In 2021 however a 1417 percent increase in reporting occurred whereby 93 percent of these reports were in the context of the covid-19 products
Fact age is not deterministic for adverse event reporting
Since administration of the covid-19 products to the zero to four age group commenced the rate of adverse event reporting has been increasing faster than for any other age group
Fact the argument that this spike protein or the spike in reporting spike protein
This spike in reporting is due to increased shot administration is false
Slide two shows the comparison of the number of adverse events per million doses in the context of influenza vaccines and the covid-19 injectable products in 2019 and 2021 respectively
On the left of the total adverse events on the right are the deaths
The covid-19 injectable products are associated with a 26 and a 100 full increase in total adverse events and deaths respectively
When compared per million doses with influenza vaccines in the same time frame
Fact the Bradford Hill criterion reversibility is satisfied when a drug is withdrawn the side effects disappear
A strong correlation of r equals 0.8 and a high covariance exists between shot rollout data and myocarditis reports filed according to our world in data
New vaccination data and various data respectively as shot demand wanes. So do the myocarditis report see slide three a
Fact the Bradford Hill criterion specificity is satisfied a very specific population at a specific site and disease is recorded with no other likely explanation
Those two is associated with a fourfold increase in reporting of myocarditis in 15 year old boys
This indicates specificity with regard to age and gender c-slide 3b
Fact the Bradford Hill criterion dose response is satisfied greater exposure leads to greater incidence of the effect following those two
An increase in signal occurs c-slide 3b
Fact myocarditis is not transient or mild a new paper published by rose at all in the journal therapeutic events is in drug safety
Shows that myocarditis is associated with hospitalization in 76 percent of reports
There are seven more Bradford Hill criterion criteria that are satisfiable. That's a 10 out of 10 bingo
conclusion standard operating procedures for analysis of safety signals emergent from VAERS when utilized
Revealed causal links between the covid-19 injectable products and the adverse events investigated
Standard operating procedures are not being followed by the owners of the data namely cdc hhs and fda
And this equates to hiding the millions of people reporting not only adverse events what injuries in the context of the covid-19 injectable products
Thank you
Dr. Rose I'm not a doctor. So when you're talking about the
incidence associate the rotavirus what what condition was that that you're comparing the the deaths of the code vaccine to
Into deception it's over it's folding over of the bowels
So it's kind of directly like contradictory to the whole point of getting the product and uh, so again a serious adverse event, but not death
No, exactly. So there are how many of those instances as 600 and
Yeah, and right now we're up to almost 37,000 deaths worldwide
with the
COVID-19 vaccine 24.4 percent of those occurring on the day of vaccination within one or two days
Yeah, and nothing to see here, right? Which is another bradford hill criteria temporality. So something
Um
When you say that she has a twin, uh, it freaks me out a lot
um
It's got a lot of sunspots this one and a lot of hair this one
I
Don't know because I read in terms of your work. You've talked about the iGG for a phenomenon here with the multiple injections
Can you talk a little bit about what that means to immunity? Right?
So, um one of the things that blew my mind was when they started talking about repeat boosters because I mean anybody who knows a little bit about
Immunology will start to think tolerance and it's now published in the literature that there's there's an inversion of a subclass of
Mina globulin g called iGG for which is associated with tolerance and subsequently autoimmunity
Um being reported in the context of the Pfizer and the Moderna shots after repeat injections
This is no surprise. It's based on repeat enters engine antigen exposure the antigen being the proteins that are being produced
Uh by the body by the host cells that are transfected with this technology
Um, I'm not saying spike protein on purpose because it's not it's not probably not full length spike protein being produced by the host cells, but
bits sometimes
Potentially aberrant proteins off target. We'll get to that just to kind of close out this
So it's weird because you got to be to me there
It's odd that these people don't see the problem with
the first two years of the pandemic us talking about the genetically
Created protein and Robert Malone just told us in the talk before this that
What did he say the SARS kov2 spike protein?
is a
Is a genetically engineered toxin? So if it's a genetically engineered toxin, but this
mRNA is uh
Is producing all kinds of little spike protein bits
And off target stuff and frame-shifted things that aren't even the same protein anymore. And what are we worried about?
Because if it's a genetically engineered toxin then it's got properties that are
inherent in the genetically engineered sequence
And if the genetically engineered sequence isn't
Accurately being translated to the protein then we don't really have a toxin after all, do we?
I don't get what's going on here
Those are antibodies that you're fixed up. You have allergy
Your allergist is going to try and boost those because that reduces your immune response to it
Right? So this these are normally present as a fractional percentage in your body and they're up to what percent?
It's something like 20 like there's a total inversion. So that's exactly
So the vaccines are basically producing an antibody that's
The body uses to suppress your immune response to an antigen
That's right and more exposure means well, maybe it's not one to one, but your tolerance level is going to go up
So you don't want to talk you don't want to become tolerant to a please understand daniel that i
I'm there with you
But what i'm trying to say is is that you can't hold both of these ideas in your head at the same time
That there is a genetically engineered toxin that's out there that we have to be afraid of
But then these mRNAs are so crappy that they don't produce it. They're so
Toxic that they don't produce it or they're so
Unpredictable that they don't produce it or they're so impure that they don't produce it or they're so adulterated. I don't get it
So then all the the things that would happen with the spike protein aren't happening or are they happening or only a
Percentage of them are happening because it takes a full
You know, I don't they need to they need to reconcile these ideas
Otherwise, it doesn't make sense to me. It's it feels very contradictory
Just like when he said in two sentences right in a row that that peter color should get the nobel prize
But then he lied to me and said these things were done, but it seems like he was just hopeful
Wow, I mean wow
Doesn't that kind of mean that that he lied and a lot of people died? I mean wow
Why aren't we just saying that then?
Something that's supposed to be something your body is fighting which explains why people who've gotten multiple boosters are getting
COVID time and time and time again, potentially. Well, I think I would put my money on that
Absolutely. We've only got a couple seconds left. You want to talk about the DNA contamination and the well, Kevin will be doing that
I'm gonna leave that Kevin. Then we'll move on. Our next participant is mr. Ed Dowd
Mr. Dowd is currently a founding partner of finance technology spells at ph
He has worked on wall street most of his career for firms such as hsbc
Donaldson left gun and gen rep
Independence investments and most notably at blackrock as a portfolio manager where he managed a $14 billion growth equity portfolio for 10 years
Mr. Dowd
Thank you senator johnson pleasure to be here in an honor at finance technologies, which was founded in june of 2022
We've been tracking excess deaths disabilities and injuries across the globe mostly western nations
But today i'm going to speak to the u.s
And we're going to talk about our estimated human and economic cost of the pandemic policy since 2021
Um, here's my statement the u.s government along with the WHO declared a pandemic in 2020
And a number of policy responses that we were told with slow the spread of covid 19
And allow us to come up with a vaccine in record time dubbed operation warp speed
the 2020 repulsive policy poster nations, but today i'm going to speak to the u.s
And we're going to talk about our estimated human and economic cost of the pandemic policy since 2021
Um, here's my statement
The u.s government along with the WHO declared a pandemic in 2020
And a number of policy responses that we were told with slow the spread of covid 19
And allow us to come up with a vaccine in record time dubbed operation warp speed
The 2020 repulsive policy responses include societal lockdowns masking and social distancing
In 2021 we began the relative of a vaccine solution that was predominantly a novel mRNA based technology
With the vendors predominantly being Pfizer and Moderna
The solution has never undergone human trials prior to 2020
And was approved under an EUA in late 2020 within record time for a vaccine
And a noticeably short trial period
The government deemed these products safe and effective until the nation they prevent you from getting and transmitting covid 19
These statements have since been proven false
It has become clear that the u.s government along with the health regulators do not desire an honest accounting of these policies
That were imposed mostly under federal mandates
Predominantly focused on the human and economic cost since the beginning of 2021
Which if they were favorable to the current regime you would be hearing them scream these results from the rooftops
I will focus on three buckets which we break down as excess deaths
Excess disabilities and lost work time in other words injuries
When analyzing the excess death human cost is interesting to note that in 2020 there were approximately 458,000 excess deaths
Of which 73 percent were age 65 and older and 15 to 64 comprising just 27
Note we were told in 2020 that the covid 19 risk of death is primarily in the older populations
However in 2021 with the relative the quote unquote safe and effective vaccine
There were approximately another 500,000 excess deaths
But a makeshift had occurred from older to younger
In 2021 the 65 plus age category was 57
Remember it was 73 percent in 2020 of the total while the 15 to 64
Covert increased to 43 percent the absolute excess death increased from 20 to 21 for the productive working age 15 to 64
It was 73 percent so in 2020 124,000
Uh people have perished excessively and then in 2021 it rose to 215,000 73
For for a virus that kills old people this makeshift is an epic failure for the so-called vaccine solution
The total excess death since the rollout of the vaccine in the u.s
Including 21 22 and 23 is approximately 1.1 million
We estimate the economic cost that's all right. Do they get that right?
Is he saying that the excess deaths that increased by 73 percent in that age group is due to the virus listen carefully
The absolute excess death increased from 20 to 21 for the productive working age 15 to 64
It was 73 so in 2020 124,000
Uh people have perished excessively and then in 2021 it rose to 215,000 73
For for a virus that kills old people this makeshift is an epic failure for the so-called vaccine solution
The total excess death since the rollout of the vaccine in the u.s. Including 21 22 and 23 is approximately 1.1 million
We estimate the economic cost productive working age people dying at 15.6 billion
When analyzing disabilities is interesting to know that there were no excess disabilities in 2020 using the civilian labor force
We have calculated an increase of 2.3 million individualities is interesting to know that there were no excess disabilities in 2020
Using the civilian labor force. We have calculated an increase of 2.3 million individuals with disabilities costing the economy an estimated 77 billion
We want to know that the excess disability number for total population 16 plus is three and a half million
When analyzing lost work time in which we call injuries we estimate 28.4 million individuals are chronically absent resulting in an estimated
Economic cost of 135 billion since 2021 work time lost peak in 2022 at 67 percent above the 2019 timeframe and has since dropped the 22 percent in 2023
So there has been improvement but it's still standard deviations above the long-term trend
To sum up the post pandemic policy scorecard since 2021 excess deaths 1.1 million total with 300,000 in the 15 to 64 age group
For total cost of 15.6 billion excess disabilities 2.3 million
3.5 million for total population estimated cost 77 billion
Excess work excess lost work time 28.4 million individuals estimated cost
135 billion total human cost is 33 million and act total economic cost 227 million 33 million is about 10 percent of the u.s
Population if you assume it's vaccine related that's 13 percent of the vaccinated population
If you assume 25 to not get on the did not get the vaccine
It should be noted this compares to 458,000 excess deaths zero excess disabilities in the total economic cost of 50 billion for 2020
Obviously the policy care was undeniably worse than the illness
We had finance technologies understand that there may be many co-factors and these results
But we believe the vaccine introduction is predominantly responsible for we're calling the post pandemic policy scorecard
The blame of the vaccine could be the blame of the vaccine could be put to rest if studies were conducted a vaccinated versus unvaccinated individuals
Independently of whether it's the vaccine or not as a nation
We should all collectively want to know what is actually causing these tragic health results
However, the silence by the health authorities and the u.s government strongly suggest they know the answer to that question
Okay, so from my perspective the main thing to see here is that he's not in any way shape or form questioning the spreading of a novel pathogen in 2020
He's not at all questioning that and that's a big problem because then maybe
Denny rancor should be here or maybe he should have consulted with him
Maybe he should have talked to jessica hockett and tried to figure out what was going on in new york
Maybe he has some specific new york state numbers that could help sort that out
But
It's very unfortunate. This doesn't feel right
If his eyes stayed down like that after he ends it
Put to rest if studies were conducted vaccinated versus unvaccinated individuals
Independently of whether it's the vaccine or not as a nation
We should all collectively want to know what is actually causing these tragic health results
However, the silence by the health authorities and the u.s government strongly suggest they know the answer to that question
Thank you. Thank you, mr
Doud
You're a finance guy your numbers guy. You're not a doctor
And one of the reasons you step forward is because our federal agencies aren't transparent
They're not conducting the studies that they simply don't want to know in my mind
So you threw a lot of numbers there first of all, can you just talk about the quality of your data?
You know what?
As you heard with my oversight letters are not providing their analysis of their various, you know
They're safety surveillance systems
So now people like you and there are other people that are just taking a look at death statistics or disability statistics
So those take a while to be published but talk about just the quality and really the indisputable nature of the data that you've used to come up
This analysis. Yeah, so we've calculated excess deaths disabilities and injuries excess deaths
We wrote methodology papers and how we calculate them we three different methods
We preferred the second method
These can be compared to the actuarial tables from the insurance industry which saw a similar excess death in their group life policy
So these excess deaths are undeniable
But it's going on currently is certain governments are now changing how they calculate these numbers the uh, oh and s
Just announced a change to the calculation methodology for their excess deaths number
Which reduces obviously the excess deaths because they like that result better
Um, we suspected that might happen
So that's why we wrote our methodology papers and published them in september of 2022
And uh, the actuarial tables that the insurance companies use haven't changed so excess deaths are continuing
The insurance companies are seeing the same excess mortality, especially in the working age population
So these deaths are undeniable. This is that you can't you can't hide the dead bodies unfortunately
So you can you publish all your information on your your website
Was it one america's ethnic insurance company that it's kind of the first revelation of this uh, was an insurance company out of indiana?
Well, one america c.o scott davis in in a chamber commerce
Uh meeting revealed that he'd seen 40% excess mortality in the uh millennial age group
2534 and even as high actually for 25 through 64 and he said that's
10% increase be once in a 200 year flood or three standard deviation event 40% was off the charts
Just off the charts
And we haven't really what I like about what he just said recently and I will you know
I saw some of the people in the chat saying that you think that he's a good guy
He very well could be and just coached to not as you
Somebody mentioned in the chat and you know to make it as palatable as possible for the widest audience
Um and to make the most questioning start in that in that sense, maybe that's what this is
Um, he does say changes to excess death calculations. I think it's really important
I think mark husatonic has tried to make this point as well
That if you if you count
50 000 opioid deaths every year as normal
Then you have a certain excess deaths that you can tolerate from opioid deaths
If you count them all as excess deaths, you have a completely different calculation
And depending on how you define
What an excess death is you can do this in this number is just basically based on interpretation to a large extent
And so you need to have really an understanding of how people are doing it and most of the time
We are not given that
Um, and now the calculators in the uk are changing the way that they are doing it in order to get better numbers for themselves
Attorney anything since that point time other than any suggests that the actuaries the people in the insurance companies are still using
The same actuarial tables that was a big statement
That was a big statement because actuarial tables and actuarial science is a very well developed
I mean these people
I had a roommate in college and after college who was an actuary and he
When we were still roommates, he passed all of the exams
Um, and it is not a joke. These people are
are extremely skilled
um at looking at numbers and they are responsible for
You know really important calculations that
You know determine how these these companies are going to rate and behave
um, and so these are these are disciplines of
of let's say
Monitoring of society
That that have been wholly discounted and ignored for the duration of the pandemic
And it's so it's very nice to have him speaking up and it's very nice
To have him say that
You know all these changes and all these things the way these things these companies and and these different bureaucratic
Organizations like maybe the fda the cdc in reality. They should all be using actuarial tables
But they're not
For people like you what what because we tried helping you get insurance data and we were just pretty well blocked
The insurance companies they did not want to cooperate with us and provide us their information. Can you talk a little bit about that?
Yeah, so what they're doing is
Unfortunately, there's still a lot of controversy in the insurance industry where a lot of people don't even want to look at the vaccine
issue a lot of these CEOs mandated you got the job themselves are in the stated denial
They
Have raised prices and group life policy. So the losses are less now losses will be coming in whole life policies due to a visiting team accounting
Dynamics, so we expect to see reserves taken once they lower their long-term mortality
Assumptions and or raise their long-term mortality assumptions
I should say and we'll see losses start running through their pianos this year next
With it I have whistle blowers and there's been discussions at board level meetings about the continued access mortality and they dance around every issue
Except the vaccine not mentioned so again, you talked about not five numbers
But you might be to take away is it what you found out is in working age population there was just an
Extraordinary increase in excess deaths and disabilities starting in 2021 not 2020 during the pandemic before we had a vaccine
But after the vaccine roll-out means that pretty much that's correct. That's my thesis as to why the vaccine causes
There was a huge makeshift from ulti on starting in 21 disabilities weren't apparent in 2020
And if you look at the disability numbers and you can you can drill down into them
The rate of change for the employed in our country in disabilities between 2021 and 2023 was 38%
So that was a rate of change increase of 38% versus the general u.s. population
Which has been nine and not in labor force only 4% so I encourage everybody to go look at his data and it's indisputable
Basically, so thank you. Mr. Dowd. Thank you next participant is mr. Kevin McKernan
mr
McKernan is a former team leader of research and development for the human genome project at whitehead institute slash mit
He is a inventor of the solid sequencer founder of adjunct court biosciences and medicinal genomics
And he has 60,000 citations and dozens of genomic pens damn damn. Thank you
Very much. Appreciate you giving this audience many of these audience have been subjected to
You know here's a censorship on this topic. What I want to talk to you today is about the DNA contamination that our team at medicinal genomics discovered in the
I mean, can we just first of all acknowledge the godlike cv that this guy's got like
I mean
You know, like I said, I was playing cyber ball in the mall while this guy was already working on the human genome project
so more power to them far be it for me to
Critique this double-stranded RNA contamination or sorry DNA contamination what I want to stress is that from my perspective
Him and Malone and colis at any of these people who were involved in the manufacture of biologics before the pandemic
Already knew that this contamination would be a problem in a process using those
Methodologies using those bioreactors. So when we were shown
the bbc video of
Inovio making spike protein dna in those bioreactors and that really tall
Sort of masculine blonde lady from inovio
In scotland telling us about how it was going and you get used to the smell
They already knew that that contamination from that bacterial culture that would include endotoxins and would include double-stranded DNA
Was going to be impossible to remove by the standard means which would have been anion exchange chromatography
Because with DNA and RNA those are those are the same face. They don't separate like that
You can separate them from proteins
But you can't separate DNA from RNA using those standard techniques
So the same technology is not applicable here. They knew that was going to be in there
And all of these people with these decades of experience in this space
Should have done known better. Robert Malone having given a talk about built and fit and finish
Technologies in front of the who in 2011 definitely had at least 15 years of experience in this manufacturing space
So there's no question that he knew that if they stopped going from
PCR generated mRNA and started going to
To cultures and to bioreactors there would be this problem
This guy definitely knows that because he started a company after he was working at the human genome project again while I was still goofing around at the mall
So these people have decades of experience that does not allow them to
Play silly or dumb and say that well peter said it would work
Or peter said that they probably fixed it or peter mark said that the data was going to come out
Or we just found out that there was DNA and it in
2023 we never thought that could be in there in 2020
We had no idea
You can't say that if you've been working in this space for 20 years and have countless patents
And have sold companies
You can't make that claim if you spoke in front of the who
Handed off the microphone to rick bright in 2011. That's not allowed you
That's like saying that you don't know anything about basketball
While your whole room is his filled with trophies. Are you kidding me?
No, I never played I can't even make a free throw
Come on
All right, let's listen mRNA vaccines we're specifically speaking about visor in modern in this case
Um, this work has been replicated by many labs around the world
And now the fda the ema and health canada have admitted to this
The regulatory agents have admitted that visor also omitted the sp40 sequences that are in their vaccine
They take so don't get me wrong. I believe every word of this everything that he is saying seems to be correct
It's exactly what they did. They omitted it. They then and people like
Uh, everybody that's talking about it seems to be right that it's a process one that was used in the trial
And so that's
Transfection in its best form which i've already argued for months and years
It doesn't matter if it's in its best form
Transfection is not appropriate for healthy animals and never mind healthy humans never mind healthy beautiful children
Or healthy grandmas that you want to be around for a while and yet
We're not saying that
Nobody's saying that
Even robert malone who admitted that he should have said it said that colas lied to him
And so that's the only reason why he didn't say it
I mean, it's it's crazy if you know the timeline and you know where we are four and a half years in
If you know what happened in 2020 and 21 and what these people are saying it's weird
Because they should have known
He had already written a paper about the unappropriateness of the primers used in the pcr test
Why didn't he also write a paper about oh my gosh? We're going to transfect people that's crazy
In this contamination to be little consequence claiming to denase of two little concentration to matter or to be containing DNA of no functional consequence
These statements are false and are not supported by any independent testing by these regulators
After the regulators have admitted to being deceived they asked the opinion of the party that deceived them how bad was the deception?
They shockingly believed the answer they were given and which is that these sequences have no relevance to plasma manufacturing
As someone who has worked on the human genome project manufacturing millions of plasmines
I can assure you that this is an uber lie uni content
He's saying what I just said right here
He's saying what I said right here
Which is that he should have known this from the very beginning
He had to have known it from the very beginning because
He worked for the human genome project and has manufactured countless plasmids
Please listen after the regulators have admitted to being deceived they asked the opinion of the party that deceived them
How bad was the deception?
They shockingly believed the answer they were given and which is that these sequences have no relevance to plasma manufacturing
As someone who has worked on the human genome project manufacturing millions of plasmines
I can assure you that this is an uber lie
DNA content and so now what what wait wait what
Women's to plasma manufacturing as someone who has worked on the human genome project manufacturing millions of plasmines
I can assure you that this is an uber lie
DNA contamination can lead to insertion of the digestive
This is actually declared in Moderna's own patents regarding mRNA vaccines
This is us patent 10 million 898 574
This is also supported by limb at all which speaks to the rate of spontaneous integration in the genome during
Transfection we are using transfection after all with l and keys
The SP-40 DNA is in fact functional
It is published as a potent gene therapy tool in a nuclear targeting sequence as described by David Dean at all
The SP-40 promoter DNA is also known bind to the tumor suppressor gene. That must be 53
This is described by Drayman at all
The DNA contains the promoter for the antibiotic resistance gene is plasmid as well
No plasmid manufacturing can occur without a promoter for the antibiotic resistance gene
So it is clearly functional and key to plasmid manufacturing despite the FDA's comments on this topic
The DNA quantity in many vials is over the 10 nanogram per dose limit, but it does vary substantially between lots
So I'm not arguing with any of what he's saying
What I'm arguing is is that he could have said this in 2020
He could have postulated that this stuff would be in there if they mass produced it in 2021
Why because
Being a person who has produced countless plasmids since the start of the human genome project
he knows how they are made
And he knows that they can't make millions of doses using this this
niche method of PCR almost like printing the RNA they can't do that not to make that level of doses
And he knew that because he's invented a lot of these technologies. He knows the limitations of manufacture at that level
He knows how expensive it would be versus how cheap it would be to do it with DNA plasmids and E. coli culture
Like all the other biologics are produced before the pandemic
Do you see my point?
This is not some kind of thing where he's like oh wow look there's DNA in there wait a minute hold up
Did they use bio reactors and E. coli to make this RNA? I didn't know they were going to do that
There's no way for him to take that position
He caught his teeth in the human genome project while we were playing at the mall
He's he's he's grown countless plasmids. He knows the limitations of them. He knows the limitations of their purification
And he definitely knows the limitations of RNA manufacturer and can understand it
and understands how the
RNA would have been made for a cancer patient or been would have been made for a
For a small trial. It would have been made at the highest purity using a
PCR type reaction
followed by an RNA polymerase
It would not have started with DNA grown in a bacterial culture and then purified and then converted to RNA
And it wouldn't have started with a DNA that was converted to RNA and then purified it wouldn't have that's not how they would have done it
But he also would have known that's how they did it here
So it's really weird that we're in
And we're still talking about this like this is breaking news all of these people listen carefully
Should have known better and they most certainly did Robert Malone knew
Kevin McCurnan knew
The woman from Canada with five degrees should have known or her degrees are worth Jack
Because I knew when I only have one degree
It's not even in immunology. It's in neurobiology
But the trick is is that I've used transfection a lot
Wow
I'm not sure what to say because we are in big trouble because this is what we've got to work with here
And we've got
Somehow or another it feels almost inevitable that we're going to have to get behind some of these people especially guy like Kevin
There's not going to be any way for anybody to make an objective opinion that says wow, I guess uh
Kevin must be a bad guy
I
Even though it's very hard for me to come to any other conclusion because he's been in with these people for too long
He's been in the back rooms for too long
These were department of energy technologies that were essentially top secret while he was working on them
Do you think that photograph from above is a photograph that would he could have just shared with his friends while he was working
During that time
Hey, look at me
No
That would have been a that would have been a secret top classified
picture
I don't think any of us are really fully aware of the extent to which we've been bamboozled
But think about it anybody who's worked on genetic sequencing technologies. Who do you know that's worked on genetic sequencing technologies?
Well
Dan sirotkin's dad works at Los Alamos laboratory and those two guys are responsible for
Seating the worst case scenario narrative of a lab leak and again a function lab leak that might be flying aids
And Dan sirotkin's dad worked on algorithms for
sequencing and maybe even for the blast
Algorithm and search engine
Now really interestingly, I think there are other people in this narrative who have worked on the blast
Algorithm and I've never ever ever talked about
the sequencing in the gen said database and what it means or doesn't mean they've never talked about what
A consensus sequence of a virus is even though they have experience working on the algorithm of the blast
Search engine it's strange
And
So kevin mccernan is a guy who's worked on the human genome project
Some of the labs that are producing the testing that
That went on during the pandemic are labs that were collaborators of the human genome project before the pandemic started
That might be coincidence or it might be part of the the connectivity tissue the tissue of connectivity that
That lines all these people up that they're all connected via their their work on genomics
Their work on genomic sequencing their work on genomic databases on algorithms
And of course, you know that in addition to
To coming to the rescue on the double-stranded DNA
He's also a big proponent of using blockchain for scientific publishing and he's also saving marijuana from
Viroids
So, I mean this guy is a superhero with many different capes
But we've got to have some hope that the double-stranded DNA contamination adulteration will give us the opportunity
To have the discussion wherein we say the transfection
In healthy animals and in healthy humans is criminally negligent
That's what we've got a hope for right here that the door is being opened and we've got a blast through it
So to a large extent we've got to share this video. We've got to promote it. We've got to make sure that people see it
Even if we know that it is it is largely the limit it is the limited spectrum of debate. We're trying to escape
We need people to see the edge of it first before we can then make them cross through it
Now when we use both QPCR and forometry these differences these two tools give us different answers
This should be a concern that they're allowed to cherry pick between these different tools
Moderna's own patents us patent 10 million zero seven seven four three nine teaches that QPCR underestimates the quantity of this contamination
And the DNA regulators are once again allowing them to cherry pick between these different measurement tools
DNA guidelines used to be a thousandfold lower before the NCBI Act was established
Which provided liability protection for some pharmaceutical companies
The limits were devised based on the 10 minute half life of DNA in the blood naked DNA in the blood
This DNA contamination is not naked. It's protected in lipid nanoparticles
Which delivers this DNA to cells which arguably have limits set to the ones prior to the NCBI
We have since found Pfizer watts 1f 1042 a that are at least tenfold over any lot
We've measured before with QPCR which is known to underestimate this quantity for those not familiar with PCR
You may have received CT scores of 35 that we'll call you positive for covid
We're seeing CT scores of 13 on the DNA that you're injecting into children
We've applied these vaccines to some cancer cell lines and evidence that enters the cell and can survive several cell divisions
We have preliminary evidence although this requires replication in other labs that this DNA can integrate into the genome
We found two spike sequence integration events and ovarian cancer cell lines of car 3 into chromosome 12 and 19 very recently
Since these vaccines were expected to only contain mRNA. Okay, so ovarian cancer lines
When transfected by the
mRNA
Have shown integration of the mRNA into the genome now how they
Confirm that and you know somebody's gonna have to be more sophisticated than me to check that work
But I do know
Roughly speaking how that was set up because there are labs
um in various places around the world that are using the transfection in
Cell culture to create controls where they can then stain that cell culture
For presence of the spike protein and then they can use that as a control stain
For the antibody stain that they might use on post-mortem tissue
So these cell lines that are being transfected with the mederna or Pfizer vaccine would be ideal
For looking for integration if you take them with a grain of salt in that they are
they are
Immortal cell lines supposedly that are from cancerous tissue and therefore the way that they regulate
Into their genome may very very be very different
They may be even already predisposed to integrate
And and and have these kinds of events occur
Whereas regular non-cancerous tissue may not have the same potential for integration
We need to be at least careful of that, right? We need to be aware of that
But these again are the cell lines that we are using
We're never assessed for genotoxic studies. These studies are therefore
Being conducted as guinea pig to us citizens as we witnessed an unprecedented rise in cancer drug cells since the vaccines rolled out
In summary the vaccine manufacturers own patents teach that the methods being used to monitor this DNA are not fit for purpose
Their patents teach the insertion of use of mutagenesis risks present in lmp based mra vaccines
The only people who are in denial of these facts are the regulators who are routinely hired to work for these very pharmaceutical companies
Two of these regulators resigned over the wanton approval of these vaccines for young patients who do not benefit from them
It is time for our representatives to repeal or review the PDUFA Act of 1992
This act allows regulators to defray the costs of regulation by accepting payments directly from the companies they regulate
Of behalf of the FDA's budget is sourced through this act
They cannot be voted into office. They cannot be voted out
But they can improve dangerous liability free mandated vaccines
These policies have harmed the public torn our country part as immune nurses are forced to choose between their jobs and useless
And even dangerous vaccines
DNA contamination is not part of any important consent process
And many universities still mandate these shots facing the guidance and approval of the regulators who have become nothing
Less than a marketing division of the companies that regulate
Now make sure that you understand that as articulate as he is here
We could just tweak the words a little bit because everything that he says is true for the entire vaccine schedule
Not just for COVID vaccines, but for the entire vaccine schedule
Unelected people can establish the mandatory nature of the vaccines
They damage people and the HPV vaccine being mandated by certain universities around the United States is the best example I can give you
It's
It's really that simple
And so what he's saying here is very well put it's very spectacular. I love it a lot. Just apply it to all vaccines
I'm going to remind it and you can listen to it again
Two of these regulators resigned over the wanton approval of these vaccines for young patients who do not benefit from them
It's time for representatives to repeal or review the PDUFA act of 1992
This act allows regulators to defray the costs of regulation by accepting payments directly from the companies
They regulate for half the FDA's budget is sourced through this act
They cannot be voted into office. They cannot be voted out
But they can improve dangerous liability free mandated vaccines
These policies have harmed the public torn our country part as immune nurses are forced to choose between their jobs and useless to even dangerous vaccines
DNA contamination was not part of any important consent process
And many universities still mandate these shots facing guidance and approval of our regulators who have become nothing less than a marketing division of the companies that regulate
Thank you for the time
So mr. McEernan and layman's terms. What is the danger of this DNA contamination?
No fact checker said it can't get in the cell can't can't get in the nucleus address that force if he would
So yes, the fact checkers have been continually wrong throughout the last year
This is going on. They initially claimed this could not get into the cells
Firstly claimed it wasn't there now the FDA and regulators admitted it's in fact there
Then they claimed it wouldn't get into the cells. We've now shown that in fact that is the case as expected anything that's now
Remember that kevin McEernan came on my stream two times in
2022 to talk about the fact that the RNA wasn't pure so that was a problem was a smear
and that the RNA
Was pseudo uridine
Chemically altered and also codon optimized which meant that it's tertiary structure the knots
That the RNA would make was different than the knots that the RNA made in the virus and therefore it would be translated differently
And different fragments would be made not only that but the chemical alteration of it
And the speed with which it was going through the ribosome could change the way it was folded
And it could also cause frame shifting and even wobble bases where codons are red simple codons are red incorrectly
And it can also like I said earlier frame shift meaning that a series of codons is red
Incorrectly in a different frame. So
These things are all things that he talked about over the course of 2022 as being
potential problems with the shot
And each one of those was brought out kind of you know after a few months and you know
Here we go slowly but surely but we're not actually saying we shouldn't do it
We're not actually saying to stop take them off the market. They don't do it anymore
And in may of 2021 I already said that we should stop
I didn't have all my answers right, but I did say we should stop
And none of these people have really said stop until this year
You know and when he's talking about censorship he's talking about this particular topic of double-stranded DNA
He never got censored for talking about the RNA being impure
Or these chemical and codon optimizing
Processes being changing the way that the protein would be expressed or creating more danger or variability
And never use that to say we should stop
Even though that was already
That was already more than enough because again even in its purest form
Transfection would have been wholly inappropriate for healthy people
Which somebody who's worked on the human genome project since the late 2000s
Somebody who has spoken in front of the who in 2011 should have definitely known those things already
Mainly that transfection is inappropriate for healthy humans. They've all knew that
And has nothing to do with the dna
It's nothing to do with the purity of the RNA even though the all of these things make it worse
Or better depending on how toxic the protein is if it's translated
That's the whole crazy part of this story that's contradictory at times
That drives me nuts
But we're getting there and this is very important what he said
It's very important because there is probably double-stranded DNA in there. It's probably terrible
All the other contaminations like endotoxins also terrible the impure RNA also terrible
What happens to the cationic lipids after they reach the pH of the endosome? Absolutely terrible
Excited to look at that particle won't expect again to excel
Now that we're starting to see early signs of DNA integration, you know that the DNA alone may not be the cause of cancer
I think it may be a contributor. I usually cancer requires a multiple-hit hypothesis
You need to have weakened immune systems like lymphocytopenia, which the shots do deliver
You might need some suppression from p53 or bracket one
Which there are publications showing that the spike protein suppresses those genes
And if you added an increased mutagenesis rate
Well, all three of those things can create a perfect storm that may be driving the cancer that we're currently seeing
The FDA does allow a certain level certain percentage of DNA in normal vaccines
This is different type of DNA though, correct?
That is this a very good point
I'm glad you brought that up
So those regulations were written when vaccines were grown in eggs and in other cell cultures
Where the contaminating DNA was genomic DNA of the cell line that was present in the in the vector of the host
This is very high copy number DNA of a gene therapy vector
Which has these nuclear targeting sequences and has DNA in it that replicates inside of a million cell
So when it gets into the cell, it can make more of itself
That's a very different contamination than what they considered when they wrote those 10-nanogram regulations
They also wrote those 10-nanogram regulations under the pretense of a 10-minute half-life of naked DNA in the blood
And we now have that DNA protected and with banana particles
And of course they have raised those guidelines over the last decade a thousandfold
So we really come to I think the end of the road of how much DNA we can tolerate
Considering the tools we have to monitor and measure this are I've never been faster better or cheaper
You mentioned the term half-life one thing I don't think we've brought up yet is how long this MR have to monitor
DNA of a gene therapy vector
Which has these nuclear targeting sequences and has DNA in it that replicates inside of a million cell
So when it gets into the cell, it can make more of itself. That's a very different contamination
I don't know about that. I didn't hear that. What contamination can replicate itself? This is interesting
I didn't hear that before we might have to come back to that. I'll write that down in the notes
I
Don't know what that's about. I don't know what that DNA that can replicate itself is that's weird to me
Then what they considered when they wrote those 10-nanogram regulations
They also wrote those 10-nanogram regulations under the pretense of a 10-minute half-life of naked DNA in the blood
And we now have that DNA protected and with banana particles
And of course they have raised those guidelines over the last decade a thousandfold
So we really come to I think the end of the road of how much DNA we can tolerate considering the tools
We have to monitor and measure this are I've never been faster better or cheaper
You mentioned the term half-life one thing I don't think we brought up yet is how long this MRNA
Is lasting the body and again we were told we assumed this is going to stay in the arm and be dissolved because MRNA is just so delicate
But it was going to be you know not present the body past a couple days
But now we have studies that it's been in the body for at least two months and we haven't studied beyond that correct
Yes, just address that and that have a component this DNA contamination it does
So many of the studies that are looking at this
I'll name a few Krauson at all looked at this in the heart and found 30 days out in the heart Hannah at all found this in breast milk
I think they went out a week on that study castoruda looked at this in plasma was out 28 days and I think
Outside of that we're recently seeing it in in
Pregnant women inside of placenta, which is a real serious concern
We many of those studies are not differentiate between RNA or DNA
So could you combination of both of these things that are contributing to that signal?
But DNA is certainly more stable than RNA
They have made modifications to this RNA that makes it last longer
But I think the verdict is still out as to which one has more longevity
And I think that's a really important point that can't be made enough that I like that he makes it
I haven't heard him make it too often
But I will confess that I haven't listened to a lot of his presentations about this
It is a very important point to make the double-stranded DNA can last much longer than a single-stranded RNA molecule
One question I would have
Is if the RNA and DNA are getting tangled to make like this little triple helix kind of thing
That they've talked about before I wonder if that DNA can then stabilize the RNA make it last even longer
Thank you, mccernan. Our next participant is dr. David gortler
Dr. gortler is a former senior advisor to the FDA commissioner a former career FDA medical officer and former professional of pharmacology at the eel school medicine dr. gortler
Thank you senator
My slides could be displayed. Oh, there we go. Um, so I'm gonna be focusing my time talking about um ingredient transparency
Um federal rules requiring ingredient transparency date all the way back. I believe it or not to 1862
It's the whole reason the FDA was started in 1906 with the pure food and drug act
Prior to covid RNA injections the FDA had approved so this is a FDA
Guy who used to work for the FDA who's kind of making a living now as a sort of whistleblower
Four different RNA. I'm not really sure to what extent he is actually a whistleblower
Um, but I've had previous interaction with him. So I know who he is
Anyway, just let me say it like that. I know who he is
Case products on patro shown here was the first RNA product approved back in 2018
So as you can see by looking at this label on patro prominently details the exact structure milligram strength and molecular weight
Highlighted and green at the very top you'll see it specifies lipid nanoparticles are engineered for quote delivery to hepatocytes
Although macro lipid preparations are nothing new to pharmacology lipid nanoparticles are quite new
In fact the entire combination of nanotechnology with medicine is something which is extremely new
Even though the writing is small you can still see all FDA approved RNA drugs all specify fundamentals like molecular weight and you can see the structure
This way providers know exactly what they're giving and consumers know exactly what they're getting next slide
This is a brief slide to show that detail structures are routinely and consistently provided across the board in FDA labeling
The FDA labeling also referred to as the package insert is the owner's manual and is the ultimate authority for what is contained in the drug
Every FDA approved drug has one
Also routinely specified are in are the discrete specifications of which are the active versus inactive ingredients
Having ingredient specificity is important not only for consumers, but also for researchers who analyze may analyze ingredients in the list against the contents
Verified structures can also potentially allow pharmacologists to use computers or cells or tissues in the laboratory to scientifically model what a drug could do the next slide
So in contrast to the previous labels I've shown here is the official FDA label for covid RNA injections
As you can see just looking at it details a lot less information. We don't have the structure
We don't have them like their weight etc. Although both drugs do specify a dose of 30 micrograms for Pfizer and 50 micrograms for Moderna
We don't know why those doses are different if they're supposedly encoding the same thing which is the sequence for the spike protein
Regarding the lipid nanoparticle doses. It does specify that they're a total of four different lipid nanoparticles used
But it's unclear if they are either active or the inactive ingredients
We also don't have evidence of anything talking about the standalone safety of lipid nanoparticles
Nor do we know the structure is a concentration or the dose
The lack of transparency means that scientists can't use modeling to test lipid nanoparticles for safety receptor specificity or analyze inequality
Of note in pharmacology even very minor deviations in any molecular structure can mean the difference between a drug and a poison
Small molecule drugs can be analyzed very easily for purity
But complex molecules like covid RNA drugs and its high tech lipid nanoparticles need specific validated processes of how they're supposed to be checked
Unfortunately around 70 percent of the 127 page document that explains the methodology to perform quality control on RNA injections are redacted
Much like the document i'm shown here the B4 annotations you see in the gray areas
They are there too according to the fda's website quote protect trade secrets and confidential commercial or
Information now i've got no problem calling out the fda when i think they're wrong
But to be exact i don't know if it's the fda who's at fault here
I don't know if the fda was just a little bit
Overcaffeinated when it came to making redactions or if there was some sort of cottosil within the prep act that broadly gave manufacturers
Confidential confidentiality to redact whatever they want so to answer your question senator the title of this meeting
I don't know where they're hiding and I don't know if it's manufacturers or the fda
But i'm inclined to say that it's actually the manufacturers
The critical question is though should even a single word be redacted if it's funded with billions of taxpayer dollars
And that brings me to my next and final slide
Drug safety and ingredient transparency are inherently nonpartisan non-political notions
Unfortunately democrats and republicans don't agree on much these days
But both the trump and the biden white houses have called for transparency on covid shots
The question is why do we even need to ask for it?
How can ethical positions and pharmacists continue to administer and promote these injections without a full disclosure of what the ingredients are
On top of all that manufacturers were funded with billions of taxpayer dollars including moderna and fizer slash and biotech
Since taxpayer is funded the private for-profit research. Why don't we have 100 percent transparency on what we paid for?
Thank you senator johnson for letting you be part of the panel and nina shafer and roger severino at the heritage foundation for the opportunity to present here today
These opinions are my own. I also want to thank jeffrey tucker of the brownstone institute for courageously publishing my articles on covid when few others would
Well, thank you doctor
Wow, so I I see what's happening here now
I can see it and you can see it too. This debate is all about the shot whether it was rolled out wrong or whether it was rushed
Whether they knew or they didn't know
And so it's fine. I I think what i've pointed out already earlier is important to point out that
Kevin mccurnan definitely from the very beginning because of his long history in this technology space
Should have known that billions of doses of m r and a should have never been given to anybody healthy even if they were pure
Even if they were perfect
Robert Malone having worked this long in this space should have known that any r and a
Transfection no matter how it was made no matter how perfect and how pure it should have been given to healthy humans
They knew that
Lipid nanoparticles were not he wasn't assured that they were going to go anywhere peter colas didn't lie
They knew that that this was going to happen they knew a certain percentage of people would get killed
They knew a certain percentage of people would be permanently harmed
And the reason why they did it is because they have an intention of using this technology forever of using this
This this conversion
Permanently they want to transfect us as part of the way that they plan on figuring everything out
They need us to accept transfection as having worked
They need us to accept transfection as having been abused or rushed
But they cannot have us come to the conclusion which i'm trying to get people to come to which is it doesn't matter how pure you do it
It doesn't matter how perfect it was made. It doesn't matter what protein you choose
Transfection your children will hurt them
Transfection your grandmother will hurt her
And it has the potential to cause catastrophic damage
Because of an autoimmune reaction or a dysregulation of the immune system this must be understood
And
While we argue about things like which lipid nanoparticles are used and whether trade secrets were revealed or not
Not arguing about the fact that 500,000 people
Have died of opioids. We're not arguing about the fact that countless people have lost their jobs
Countless people have been injured by the shots
Countless people have lost contact with their family members because of these lies
Communities and families have been destroyed
People have been killed by the protocols which were used to create the excess deaths that could be pointed to
Has spreading disease
And this entire talk we've not talked about that we've not talked about the fact that they have
Confounded a bunch of other excess deaths with the spreading of a virus and none of these people care to do that accounting
The mystery virus equals the excess deaths and equals the excess deaths equal the shots. That's it
There's nothing else
There's no other way that they're harming us
And
He's pretty sure it was the manufacturers it could have been the fda, but i'm pretty sure it's the manufacturers. Okay, dave. Thanks
as a former fda
employee
You've seen i think just five so pretty outraged by what your former agency is doing here
Can you just kind of describe your feelings from that standpoint?
well
All we're asking for my area of study what i've dedicated the last 20 years
Is drug safety and our really asking for is just more specificity of what the ingredients are what's considered an active ingredient
What's considered an inactive ingredient and nothing more. This is completely non-political
Everybody wants safe drug. So why do you think the fd is leaving out the support information that they require for every other RNA drug?
Well to be sure i'm not like i said i have no problem calling out the fda when i think they've done something wrong
But it's not 100 clear if it's the fda that just overdid it with the redactions or if it was something that was required by the prep act
If there was some sort of confidentiality, but the problem is if the taxpayers had funded it
I think there should be especially because we funded for profit companies to be able to manufacture this
I think there should be I think we should have full transparency especially of the ingredients at the very column
The one how long are we going to discuss this this is ridiculous
This is not at all addressing who's dying in america who got killed in america who is murdered in america
We're not talking about that at all
We're talking about the labeling of a product that should have never been rolled out because of the lies of 2020 and 21
But we're not talking about that
By design we're not talking about that in 2024. We're not talking about that by design
Chart you had when you showed the redactions looking off a lot like fauci emails to me
But again my assumption is that the fda's primary roles to protect the public not big pharma
Do you want to comment the I understand how some documents have to be redacted
There's some stuff that goes on with the pentagon and and the military
Which I don't know about and we don't have to know about but when it comes to to medicines that we take in some cases medicine medications
That were mandated that we take I don't think there should be any reduction
They're protected by patents. Why not provide the information because we paid for it. Exactly. You mentioned lipid nanoparticles
Extend on that a little bit more. It's the lipid nanoparticles
I would refer to robert malone to talk more about that, but they're an essential component of it
But they're also a cutting edge something which are a brand new area of pharmacology
Nano the mixture of nanotechnology and medicine is something which is relatively brandy
And nanoparticles act differently in the body than other than than simple small molecule pharmacology
Because of their nano size which translates to 100 millionth of one millimeter that defines a nanoparticle
I don't know if they can be detected and of course we don't know if there's only a small change in the structure in the sequence
Of which we don't have it can be the difference between something which is toxic and something which is non-toxic
For example, there's one drug out there a drug called tetracycline which every pharmacist in every position has ever heard of
It has a molecular weight of about 480 daltons and grams per mole
If you make one change to that if you redact one if you let it dry out and one OH group is removed from tetracycline
It becomes toxic. It turns into anhydrotex tetracycline or epine hydro tetracycline
And it completely changes it from a fully therapeutic drug to something which can cause fanconi syndrome and kidney failure
Now I mentioned it was about 400 400 daltons
Which probably doesn't mean a lot to a lot of people here
But the size of just a sequence not getting into the lipid nanoparticles
That the sequence for RNA is somewhere between a thousand or six thousand times that size
And I don't know because I don't know what the exact sequence is because it's not not listed in the label
So it's my understanding that the lipid nanoparticle was designed to permeate
Difficult permeate barriers that kind of goes back to the lies we were all told that you know
This injection was gonna stay in the arm
Be destroyed very quickly once it produces antibodies and everything's gonna be just fine
But the fact the fact that they knew that they were using a carrier that was designed to permeate difficult like the blood brain barrier like the
Is that part of your concern here?
Well part of the concern is also to answer your question briefly
Yes
And because we know for on Prado and other RNA type drugs some of those lipid nanoparticles were tuned
They were specially engineered to enter hepatocytes
And but we don't know because we don't know the structure and we don't know the tuning of these lipid nanoparticles
And we don't know if there's any standalone safety with them
We don't know if they were specially tuned to enter
hepatocytes or
Cardiac tissue or brain tissue or uterine tissue or the previous witnesses have already testified that they can't do that
One of the previous witnesses actually testified that the inventor of the lipid nanoparticle lied to him in 2020 and said they'd solved that
Problem it would stay in the muscle, but he didn't
So why is this guy now talking about the fact that they could target him to deliver if they wanted to but we don't know if they were targeted to deliver
is there any more
confusing
Contradictory chorus that they can put together in the first four or five
That's in the bottom line. The pharma company should have known
And certainly the American public should know and none of those things may be true
So, thank you, dr. Gortler. Thank you
Our next participant is dr. Harvey rich dr. Rich is professor emeritus of epidemiology at Yale school of public health and outspoken proponent of early
Covid treatment and critical objective scientific thought throughout the pandemic dr. Rich. Thank you, senator
I'm talking today about what I consider the crushingly obsessive push to covid vaccinate every living person on the planet
So we all know circumstantially at least that the virus that leaked leaked from the Wuhan Institute of biology in fall 2019
The initial cases paralleled the Wuhan subway line too, which passes by the wib the virus contains a unique 19 nucleotide genetic sequence
That also exists in Moderna patents from 2017 and various other biological and spy intelligence
Information evidence that overwhelmingly implicates the wib as the source of the leak
So this virus the covid-19 pandemic virus exists because it was bioengineered
The wib scientists used Ralph barracks genetic manipulation techniques technology at their insecure bsl 2 lab
So this was reckless work at the wib that was funded by nih
Through the dash act eco health alliance money laundry as well as by large dod and us aid grants
Now this work and the wib leak was what I consider to be the fruit of our bio weapons industry
That has been performing secretive and nefarious biological weapons development for the last 70 years
Recognition of the possible possible accidental or intention on leashing of an infectious age and capable of killing large numbers of humanity
Led to the bio weapons treaty of 1975 that president ford son
The treaty prohibits the development of offensive bio weapons
However, the one loophole in the treaty is that small quantities of offensive bio weapons are allowed to be developed
In order to do research on vaccine countermeasures
Now this loophole
Was then exploited by our bio weapons industry for the last 50 years the bio weapons uh treaty
Limited offensive bio weapons to agents that would address vaccine development so called dual use agents or dual use research
And this was the premise and motivation of the various virology grant applications like diffuse and so on submitted to dod and nih funders
This was a permitted rationale for the develop development of offensive bio weapons in that it would lead to work on vaccine countermeasures
Now fast forward to 2019 many billions of dollars spent on the bio weapons industry over the past decades for all this work on offensive bio weapons
Where are the successful commercial vaccines to show for it?
So there's been lots of vaccine research that's been carried out for known harmful organisms
But minimally if at all for these gain of function bio weapons agents
And for covid it took a year of shoddy research to produce and test the first batch of commercial vaccines for sarsko b2
Is he arguing?
Is he arguing that we have made
progress
With vaccinating against the natural forms, but we haven't made progress against vaccinating against the gain of function forms
And that it took too long because we didn't prepare for it is
Is that what i'm hearing right here because that's
That's some shit to agents that would address vaccine development so called dual use agents or dual use research
And this was the premise and motivation of the various virology grant applications like diffuse and so on submitted to dod and nih funders
This was a permitted rationale for the development of offensive bio weapons in that it would lead to work on vaccine countermeasures
Now fast forward to 2019 many billions of dollars spent on the bio weapons industry over the past decades for all this work on offensive bio weapons
Where are the successful commercial vaccines to show for it?
So there's been lots of vaccine research that's been carried out for known harmful organisms
But minimally if at all for these gain of function bio weapons agents and for covid it took a year
He just said it
We've done vaccine research on dangerous pathogens, but not on gain of function pathogens
Listen decades for all of this work on offensive bio weapons
Where are the successful commercial vaccines to show for it?
So there's been lots of vaccine research that's been carried out for known harmful organisms
But minimally if at all for these gain of function bio weapons agents
And for covid it took a year of shoddy research to produce and test the first batch of commercial vaccines for sars kobe 2
And how is a year delay even remotely acceptable for a military defense against a bio weapon that spreads across populations in weeks
So you're to develop a vaccine that for back for pandemics that occur in waves in in weeks and
How is it possible that it took a year
For us to develop vaccines
For a gain of function virus that can sweep populations in weeks
Whoa
Organisms
But minimally if at all for these gain of function bio weapons agents
And for covid it took a year of shoddy research to produce and test the first batch of commercial vaccines for sars kobe 2
And how is a year delay even remotely acceptable for a military defense against a bio weapon that spreads across populations in weeks
So you're to develop a vaccine that for back for pandemics that occur in waves in in weeks
And and these vaccines are supposed to be deployed before a pandemic occurs not in the middle of one
So my hypothesis what I believe is that both the virus origin cover up and the forced vaccination of the entire planet
Were orchestrated to protect the integrity of the bio weapons industry
Once the general public understood the reckless and cavalier behavior of this industry that had operated under a false and misrepresented pretense
Of vaccine development that has never been successfully commercial commercially realized it would then clamor to shut down the industry
And so the suppression of knowledge of the industry's reckless involvement in the Wuhan leak is an obvious cover up
We have proof of that cover up from the foyer documents involving pouchy collins jeremy for rn and others
And my conclusion then is the reason why the whole population had to be vaccinated is to show that the bio weapons industry supposedly did have a rationale
Of vaccine development as part of its claimed dual use research
The vaccines then are are the evidence that the bio weapons industry was properly justified from the beginning without a successful vaccine to show for itself
In the time of the pandemic crisis, especially one caused by a leak from a bio weapons industry source itself
It would be clear to everyone that the rationale for the industry's existence was a fraud in the first place
Now where I find really interesting besides the fact that he has a know who pin on
Is that just 20 minutes ago? I proposed
That the people that were doing this to us were all connected through
sequencing
and genetic technologies
and interest in genetic technologies and understanding how the human genome leads to
You know
The pattern integrity that is a human
And so that's pretty interesting that he says that the pandemic was designed
To preserve the bio weapon industry when mark and I
Are arguing that the pandemic was rolled out to allow the progress of the gene technology industry
Holy crap. Do you hear this
Let me say it again. He is making the argument that the pandemic the combination of the cover up
And the forced vaccination of people was an orchestrated effort to preserve
the bio weapons industry
And mark usatonic mark kulak and I are making the argument that the pandemic was used to
Invert the way that we understand our sovereignty
So that we could be made into experimental animals and more importantly our kids and our grandkids could be
As we move forward through the future
Accepting these genetic technologies as standard
Proved by the pandemic
It's a very twisted
Like almost mirror image of each other
Because in one sense, these people are all good people
Fighting back against the people like robert kadlick and all the other bio weapons guys
or
You can see people who have worked in the gene technology sequencing space the virology sequencing technology space
For decades all coming together to use
The covid pandemic to make sure that sequencing technologies and pcr diagnostics and lateral flow technologies and personalized medicine
All become standard practice and standard ideas in our head going forward
Is
Anyone else hearing this? Is anyone else hearing how sharp this is right now? Oh my gosh
And so the colid vaccines themselves supplied the defense against the charge that the bio weapons industry was not actually dual use
But if that's offensive only violating the 1975 treaty
So the vaccines had to be dramatically pushed out to be the universal solution to show that the bio weapons industry was actually working for the public good
And in this context it did not matter what collateral damage the vaccines caused
All it had to be was the public thinking public thought of this theater that the industry had been doing its worst work to produce usable vaccines non-defensive bio weapons
Thank you, dr. Rish
So the rationale of course of the
The bio industry there is that if others are developing bio weapons that we need countermeasures in order to develop countermeasures
We need to create a limited quantity of bio weapons. I mean, can you can you just address that justification?
Well, this goes to my sarcastic comment about this proportionality that
From a military perspective if one is attacked by a bio weapons agent
Then why would one have to respond with a bio weapons agent one could respond with economic warfare conventional weapons
Chemical weapons nuclear weapons if it was that bad that we have at our disposal a whole range of responses
And to launch an untested bio weapon as a response where we might not even be able to protect ourselves from blowback from that agent
Is it to me is insane that there's there's no rational reason that there's very interesting chart in Robert F. Candy's new book
The Wuhan cover-up, and we were all talked about fauci's emails where he funded Peter Dasek's
Eco-health alliance to the tune of about 15 16 million dollars
What I did not realize is the Department of Defense
funded eco-health alliance to the tune of 42 million dollars and USAID which rfk junior says is pretty much a CIA cut out
I don't dispute that funded to the tune of 53.6 million dollars. So it kind of
Confirms what you're talking about in terms of what justification was
One of the countermeasures you didn't mention, but the way we met was in a 2020
Talk about early treatment. Can you as long as it is an epidemiologist? Can you talk about that fact?
I mean we like everything on vaccines for the reasons that you've assumed
Going along with that was the sabotage really treatment
Well during the time of the suppression of early treatment at joxie quarkman and later I remembered
I thought it was to protect the marketplace for the vaccines other medications or the vaccines that would eventually come out
But now given what I've said, I think the suppression was that if those medications solve the pandemic
Then the vaccines wouldn't have been needed and then the bio weapons treaty would come back in force
And there would be no rationale that the vaccines were the end product of the offensive bio weapons research
So they had to be suppressed for the same reason. So can you you've come up with an assumption
Based on the fact that so much has happened hasn't made any sense whatsoever
I've heard that time and time again from people, you know fighting into the medical freedom movement
It's just like this thing. None of this makes sense. So you start coming up with different theories
That is true. I mean, I haven't been inside the room of anywhere where they told me all of this
But there's very little that makes sense and you have to think if you were doing this work
And you know, you're the CIA or you're the WHO or whoever has been pulling the
puppet strings that
You're gonna look really bad when stuff that you've done that is kind of nefarious
But you've gotten away with it and suddenly comes into public view and now the public's saying
Yeah, but we weren't supposed to be doing this in the first place and look at the damage that this has caused
Because you couldn't contain it. You promised you would contain it at the worst that you didn't contain it
And you need to protect your billion dollars worth of grants and funding you get every year as well
Okay, but thank dr. Rish
Our next participant is miss barber low fissure
She is co-founder and president of the charitable national vaccine information center established in 1982 by parents of vaccine injured children
Miss fissure
Thank you senator johnson for this opportunity to talk about how vaccine victims have been blamed shamed and betrayed over the years by doctors and scientists
Paid by federal agencies and if you haven't seen this woman on high wire
We're gonna watch her. She was on high wire a couple weeks ago and she nailed it crushed it demolished it
I
Del big tree asked her so should we just get rid of the 1986 vaccine act? She's like no way
It's the only law on the books. It says vaccines are dangerous. We just have to put the teeth back into it
It's a great talk. Don't miss it. This one is a good one. This is the lady mysteries and by some members of congress working
Especially since 2019 with political operatives and corporate media to silence anyone who criticizes vaccine science policy in law
So the truth can be hidden and public conversations about vaccine risk of failures can be shut down
Today everybody knows somebody who was healthy got vaccinated and was never healthy again
Of all developed nations in the world america has the worst infant and maternal mortality rates and is home to the most highly vaccinated
But the sickest and most disabled child and young adult populations that inconvenient truth that feeling public health report card
Bankrupting our nation is central to what we are talking about here today
Demonization of a discrimination against those who decline to get a government recommended vaccine
Or top publicly about how they or a loved one were injured or died after vaccination has been going on since the 19th century
But what is happening in the 21st century in the name of disease control?
National security and the greater good is s escalation of an historic denial of vaccine risks and failures that has become a dangerous assault
On freedom of thought speech and conscience and poses a grave threat to the biological integrity and natural rights of the people
It has been 44 years since my two-year-old son was brain injured by his fourth DPT shot
And 42 years since I watched the Emmy award winning documentary DPT vaccine relaxed and then joined with other parents
Of pertussis vaccine injured children to establish the charity known today as a national vaccine information center at nvic.org
Our mission is to prevent vaccine injuries and deaths from public education
We do not make vaccine use recommendations
We defend the ethical principle of informed consent to medical risk taking and the legal right for adults to make voluntary vaccine decisions
For themselves and on behalf of their minor children without being coerced
I'm sorry. How many of you people have heard of the nvic before?
I haven't
How many of you have heard of the nvic before?
Have you heard of it during covid? I haven't heard of it. Not even once
Well, Pamela, you heard of it, but you're you're like old school
Nobody else's hurt you have daniel good for you
For punished for the decision made
I worked with parents in congress to secure safety and informed consent provisions in the national childhood vaccine injured in 1986
It was an historic law
The first official acknowledgement by government that federally licensed and state mandated vaccines can and do injure and kill some children
On january 4, 2024
My eyewitness perspective of how and why child vaccine victims and their parents were betrayed after that law was passed 38 years ago
Was featured in a two-hour conversation I had with they'll big treat on the highwire
I encourage everyone to watch it and learn how parents trusted that the five years of work we put into that 1986 act
Daniel I can tell you with with certainty
As a certain as I am about anything else
The reason why god didn't take away any of my children
When they were six months old after a well visit is because they knew that he knew
I would never be able to handle that
I wouldn't stay a
I wouldn't stay a normal person after that
I can barely cope with the fact that I I gave all my shots all the shots to my daughter right now
Uh
So
It's it's these these stories are tragic
This lady's crusade is decades long and most of us didn't know who the hell she was in 2020
That's how deep this goes nobody not very many people knew who's sitting next to her either
Brian hooker was almost unknown in america
And he still remains that way
I
More people know bobby kendy's name than no brian hookers name more people know mary hollens name than no brian hookers name
It may be that more people around the world know mary nasa's name than no brian hookers name
And brian hooker has all the calling cards of a true fighter
An adult injured child
A career fighting against this a track record of fighting against this unprecedented in anyone else's
I mean look at anyone else's resume this guy's the guy
This lady barbara is the woman
These two right here should ban the ones
Should be spokespeople all the time
It's awesome to see them here at least
To successfully secure life-saving and forming recording reporting and research provisions in it
and to
To protect the legal right of vaccine victims to sue vaccine manufacturers for product design defects
And a student average of doctors for medical malpractice
And to create and expedited more just less traumatic federal vaccination compensation system alternative to a lawsuit
We're all destroyed by congressional amendments by federal health agencies and the u.s. supreme court after that law was passed
Following that betrayal of trust congress directed federal agencies to create lucrative public private business partnerships with a pharmaceutical industry
A business deal that has broken america's public health system
Legislation enacted in the 1990s and after september 11th 2001 laid the groundwork for the rise of a public health empire
Which is funded and operated by government and the wealthiest and most politically powerful individuals
Corporations and public and private institutions in the world make sure you hear what she said
This is really spot on with what mark has been teaching us for a long time
Are a lot of these advances were made after 9-11
To that law was passed
Following that betrayal of trust congress directed federal agencies to create lucrative that that law was packed
We're all destroyed by congressional amendments by federal health agencies and the u.s. supreme court after that law was passed
Following that betrayal of trust congress directed federal agencies to create lucrative public private business partnerships with a pharmaceutical industry
A business deal that has broken america's public health system
Legislation enacted in the 1990s and after september 11th 2001 laid the groundwork for the rise of a public health empire
Which is funded and operated by government and the wealthiest and most politically powerful individuals
Corporations and public and private institutions in the world
Now those operating that empire are threatening our legal right in this constitutional republic to exercise freedom of thought speech and conscience
Past is prologue the betrayal of the public trust during the covid pandemic could never have happened
If many other leaders we elected had not long ago abandoned rational thinking and succumbed to fear-based propaganda tactics
Requiring us to give up the natural right to autonomy for an illusion of safety
Thank mr. By the way, I became aware of you from that excellent documentary, which I would also recommend
What struck me about that documentary is back then in 82 through 86 you could talk about these things
You could advocate for your child who's vaccine injured you weren't you weren't ostracized
You were actually welcomed here in the senate people by people like sander hatching sander Kennedy and and you got this signed by
Ronald Reagan under resistance
But can you just speak to what has changed in terms of the public attitude where there was public pressure to pass the bill that you shepherded through congress
To now where you know, I'm assuming you're not anti-vax. We all have to say that
We're concerned about things but just talk about the difference between then and now yes
Well, you know, it's an entirely different situation today than it was back then we had congressional hearings
I had dozens of congressional hearings in the house and the senate on that 1986 national childhood vaccine entry act
And the media covered it they covered all of the aspects of what was going on
You know, I sat for more than 20 years as a consumer member on the unvaxi advisory committees at the fda the cdc
and the institute of medicine national cameo sciences and
This past summer we have suffered such abuse of discrimination and I just look you were welcomed
And serving on those panels back then yes now the elite you know, they are out to destroy you
Yes, I mean on november 1st 2023. I submitted this report on censorship to the us judiciary subcommittee on the weaponization of the federal government
This the report is anchored with over 400 live link references
It describes how officials at the highest levels of the department of health and justice and homeland security
And even 17 members of the us house of representatives asked paypal to defund the national vaccine information center
They worked with political operatives and corporate legacy and social media to silence my voice and other voices for talking online about vaccine reactions
And the fact that people who get vaccinated can still get infected and transmitted infection
Which is true for the mRNA coded vaccines, but it's also true
The national vaccine
Something something nvi see
She's talking about its censorship. She's talking about the removal of their paypal account. I have never heard of this organization
It's pretty effective
Censorship that didn't really affect chd as much as it affected nvi see I guess
Or maybe chd is better organized or has more people
Um, it's also possible they have better funding than her organization
I would think that they should be more active collaborators to be honest
Like chd and I can't collaborate quite a bit. It feels like but
um
I hope that they're all cooperating. I hope that they're all collaborating. I hope that they can all come together
To push this idea. I'm very disappointed that senator ron john said I assume you're not an anti-vaxxer
She just told you she is she wrote the law
Many of the 72 doses of 17 vaccines that the CDC now tells doctors to give to children starting on the first day of birth
And I believe because our organization which really launched the vaccine safety and the 4% move in america in 1982
We lobbied for 14 years to get a a less toxic a cellular percussus vaccine in here to replace whole self percussus vaccine in 1996
And we lobbied to get the live polio vaccine that can cause vaccine spring polio paralysis
Replaced by an enacted data vaccine that does not and we have gone into the state legislatures
And we work through our mbsc abacie abacie dot org portal to educate the states on protecting the flexible medical religious and conscience belief exemptions
Which are integral to the to the true exercise of informed consent and I think because of that we have been ostracized
We our voice has been silenced. I was we were thrown off of facebook instagram
YouTube and twitter in the space of seven months in 2021. That was a censorship campaign that was
Condoned by the highest levels of government, but that also happened to chd and I can't I believe so that's not you unusual
And you know, I never imagined when I began this work in 1982 that the day would come when I would not be able to exercise
Freedom of thought and conscience in the country. I love and I thank you for allowing me to exercise that right today
It was not only condoned at the highest level of governments. It was orchestrated by yes
Yes, it was the administration. It was orchestrated by but thank you miss fissure
Our next presenter is dr. brian hooker
Dr hooker has been researching vaccine safety for the fast past 23 years
He co-authored the new york times best-selling book backs unbacks let the science speak with the robocandy jr
Dr hooker
Thank you, senator johnson
My name is dr. brian hooker and I'm a vaccine safety scientist serving as a chief scientific officer of children's health defense
I'm also the father of a severely vaccine injured adult son. Next slide, please
This slide shows the expansion of the infant child vaccination schedule since 1962 is recommended by the cdc
Multivalent vaccines are counted based on the number of disease antigens for example the mmora vaccine counts as three doses
In 1962 children received five vaccine doses in a 1986 the schedule expanded to 25 doses of five different vaccine formulations
Shortly after the passage of the 1986 national childhood vaccine injury act the law was amended to essentially erect a liability shield protecting vaccine manufacturers
And the schedule expanded dramatically by 2023 73 doses of 16 different vaccine formulations were given to children up to age 18
The fda approved these formulations individually only with minimal and inadequate safety testing and the cdc has never tested
The cumulative effect of the vaccine schedule on childhood health outcomes
However independent researchers have assessed the outcomes of vaccinated versus unvaccinated children next slide, please
This slide shows the results of a paper that niel miller a medical journalist and I published in the journal sage open medicine in 2020
Here only vaccines given during the first year of life order considered any child who received one vaccine or more during the first year of life
Was considered vaccinated and any child who received no vaccines during the first year of life was considered unvaccinated
Deidentified records were taken directly from three medical practices in different locations within the us the odds ratios are likelihood of a diagnosis
Is shown on the graphic this demonstrates that vaccinated children were at least twice as likely to be diagnosed with developmental delays ear infections and gastrointestinal disorders
The likelihood of an asthma diagnosis among the vaccinated group was 4.5 times higher than the unvaccinated group next slide, please
Affirming and extending these results is a study completed by joy garner of the control group that was published in the international journal of vaccine theory practice and research in 2022
Here a control group of over 1,800 vax unvaccinated children recruited from 46 different states in the us were compared to the national average rates of the listed disorders
The national averages represent a population of children where 99.7 percent of the participants are vaccinated
Incidents of each disorder is shown as a percentage of each group of children on the graphic for each of the auto immune
Neurodevelopmental and other disorders considered the unvaccinated group there's much better with incidence rates between four and
brian was my boss at chd
And brian was made to be the person to lay me off
however
I tell myself the story that there's no way that brian would have done that without being told to do it because we were starting to really develop
a nice relationship and I thought that it was working out really well
um that being said I could be totally wrong I could be
Totally wrong that brian wanted me out as bad as everybody else who wanted me out did but I don't think that's the case and I really hold
brian in the highest esteem and with the highest regard
For his courage and his steadfast dedication to this awful awful awful cause
um
You know, it's it's it's not a fun crusade, especially when your son is as damaged as his as sick as his is
This is a real, you know thing that he lives through on an hour by hour day by day basis
And so
For somebody for it to be more real than it is for brian hooker. There isn't anybody
And so i'm never ever I will never
Ever say a bad word about chd as an organization because as long as he is their chief scientific officer
You know, something is okay
And so, you know by that green book, please 20 times lower than their vaccinated counterparts next slide, please
This is a comparison of the myocarditis diagnosis rates following the COVID-19 mRNA vaccines given during the pandemic
The first graphic on this slide is from a paper published by mazari at all in the journal plus medicine in 2022
It shows the incidence of myocarditis and pericarditis diagnoses within seven days of receiving either the first or second dose of the mediana
Vaccine versus the unvaccinated control group four males between 12 and 39 years of age
The second graphic on the slide is from a paper published by maborac at all in the new england journal of medicine in 2021
It shows the incidence of myocarditis within 30 days of receiving the second Pfizer vaccine in the general population as well as four 16 to 19
Year old boys compared to unvaccinated controls myocarditis is a serious disorder
And 76 of all cases following COVID vaccination as reported by vares requires emergency care and or hospitalization
CDC significantly downplays myocarditis as a side effect of the vaccine
Vaccine injury is neither minor nor rare the 1986 national childhood vaccine injury act requires that the department of health and human services
Report to congress on the state of vaccine safety in the us every two years
It's been almost 40 years since the 1986 act was passed and hhs has never submitted a vaccine safety report to congress
Authorities are derelict in their duty to protect the people of the United States
Wow and often life-changing. That's a pretty amazing statement
I became aware of you from an excellent documentary. I would also recommend vast that the
uh big tree also produced or as part of um
In there you obviously a medical researcher and with a vaccine your child and you actually found it was so low inside the agency
Do but I want people way to plot it very very excellent documentary, but difficult to watch
Very difficult to watch but in your research. I mean, are you aware of the fact does do the fed health agencies?
Do they have records of vax versus undaxed children?
Absolutely, they have the records the cdc has a database called the vaccine safety data link
It's over 10 000 10 million. Excuse me individuals with two million children from 10 participating hmo's
There are vaccinated children. There are unvaccinated children
I would I would say that within that database there are at least 10 000
Unvaccinated children that can be studied. Do they publish the results of that information?
No, neither do they they do not publish the results neither do they let any independent scientists in to look at that information
They refuse to publish that results and they really know why it's because the bloated vaccination schedule is responsible
And is I would say in part responsible for the academic of chronic disorders that we see in children in the united states
We obviously find that yeah brian
Robert with congressional oversight go get them order for your request
That type of thing what types of attempts have been made to obtain that data?
I've um submitted over 124 requests directly to the cdc
There's a 12 step group for me too. Uh, but uh, I would I would say I have repeatedly FOIAed
Representatives to get the vaccine safety data link itself
It is it is simply something that they will not do
They probably say you're just not persisting that mr
Mccernan has a question for you
Brian, can you explain the finances down there today not sell vaccines at the cdc through a vaccine distribution program?
Is there money coming into the cdc for for this there? There's a tremendous amount
That's a really good question mr. Mccernan and they uh, the cdc buys and sells five billion dollars worth of vaccines a year
Through the vaccines for children program. They also spend half a billion dollars a year
That's 500 million dollars a year advertising and through public relationship campaigns for vaccinations in general as compared to a woeful budget
Of 50 million dollars that is being used for vaccine safety every year
Dr. Have you looked at the cons or the risk of effort ratio of the core vaccines and children now this to me
Um, you know, there's limited information and I and I bow to jessica rose regarding bears and her analysis
But when I do the analysis I see that for every one child that is saved from death from covet 19
There are 30 deaths 30 child deaths associated with the covet 19 vaccine. So the risk to benefit ratio in terms of mortality is 30 to 1
You're the book you co-authored backs done backs, right? Some of those charts are taken from that book
Uh, I always hear the statistics of the dramatic increase in chronic diseases throughout our population
Right, but do you have a basic statistic on that?
The basic statistics around that, um, there was a lot of good work done by joy garner and the control group
The incidence of chronic illness, uh individual chronic illness, excluding an obesity in the united states is now 27
The incidence of multiple chronic disorders, uh in the united states is around 6% that
That is compared to a much lower percentage
I don't know the numbers off the top of my head of chronic diseases and disorders in the 1800 children that they looked at
So that's a dramatic increase. And I think the question is why can't we ask about it?
What are our federal health agencies doing to research this dramatic increase in chronic diseases?
That's the 64 million dollar question and you can look at everything besides vaccines
Uh to answer that particular question, but you cannot look at vaccines
You're not you're not able to access the vaccine safety data link which has almost 30 years worth of research
From these hmo's and it should be open to the public
Yeah, we bond paid for it. That's what the federal government owes to the american public
I think dr. Hooker and our next presenter is mr. Delta big tree. Mr. Big tree
So i'm sorry, but I gotta call brian out on that
I know he's an old guy so he gets it wrong sometimes
But he shouldn't adjust for inflation. It's the 64 thousand dollar question
It's at the 64 million dollar question and I think he was adjusting for inflation there
But then it makes it an incorrect historical reference other than that
as usual brian hooker cleans house
As usual brian hooker brings it receipts says it plainly
Doesn't have to talk about a whole lot of stuff to say what's going on here
And paul off it's never going to address brian hooker
Paul off it's going to keep talking about what bobby kennedy said here bobby kennedy said there
he's never
ever
Ever paul off it will never
Ever even come close to mentioning the name of brian hooker never mind talking about him never mind talking to him
I guarantee it
And you might see it that way
That it's easier to argue with bobby kennedy than it is to argue with that guy
And so you know he does what he can as chief scientific officer of children's health defense
He's one of the few actual heroes
Because
The ceo of the non-profit informed consent action network
Which is one lawsuits against hhs cdc and ih and fda in the effort to bring transparency to the science of vaccination
He's also a host of the medical talk show the high wire. Mr. Bigtree said or johnson
I thank you for this opportunity to be here
It's really an honor to be you know surrounded by so many talented brilliant scientists doctors experts
I would just want to approach this really from a journalist perspective in a layman's perspective
Which is what I have is plenty of people here can give you reasons why I just want to state the obvious
Which is just this past week news headlines described a massive study of 99 million people who received the covid vaccine
The daily male headlines says it all largest covid vaccine study ever finds shots are linked to small increased risk neurological blood and heart disorders
And it adds on to the title, but they're still extremely rare every article about the study who went out of its way described injuries as rare
But what does rare actually mean first line?
This is the graph that was in the daily males article in terms of this study
What they're saying is rare includes a 3.78 times risk of swelling in the brain and spinal cord
This means you're increasing your risk of brain and spinal swelling by 378 over someone who didn't get the vaccine
There was also a 2.86 times risk of Guillain-Barre syndrome, which is a paralysis
6.10 times risk of myocarditis and a 6.91x risk of pericarditis swelling of the heart issues
The question no one in the media seems to be asking I think is if each of these potential injuries is rare
Is it still rare when you add them all together?
Take a majority of vaccine for example in the standard three-shot regimen based on this study a person's increasing the risk of brain and spinal swelling by 378
But the first shot they're also adding a 348 risk of myocarditis with that same first shot a 610 increase of myocarditis the second shot
And another 201 increase risk of myocarditis the third shot
And these are just the adverse events that were the focus of the study talking about cancer and all sorts of other things that we should be looking at
When the CDC was creating the v-safe app app to track the health outcomes of the first 10 million people received the covid vaccine
They had a list of adverse events of special interest
These were injuries that the CDC had reason to believe could be caused by the covid vaccine that list includes
acute myocardial infarction anaphylaxis, coagulopathy, death, Guillain-Barre syndrome, Kawasaki's disease, multi-system inflammatory disease, narcolepsy, seizures, convulsion, stroke and transverse myelitis
Now let's just assume that all of these issues are rare and since we know that the rare has currently been described at least in the study
Is anything between a 200 increase to a nearly 700 increase risk
Then what is the actual risk when you add all these potential adverse outcomes together?
Further still how high is the risk when you multiply all of these risks by five doses of the covid vaccine?
Are we still in the ballpark of rare?
Now imagine multiplying all of these known risks by 72 doses
Now you've just considered the amount of risk that every child is facing with a CDC recommended schedule
The CDC childhood schedule has been the focus of my nonprofit ICANN's work since the end of 2016 when it was founded
Through FOIA requests and lawsuits against our regulatory agencies, we've uncovered many inconvenient truths
Perhaps the most significant finding is that none of the 14 routine vaccines on the CDC recommended schedule were delivered in approximately 72 doses
Was ever put through a long-term double-blind placebo-based safety trial prior to licensure
Since this type of trial is really the only way to establish that a pharmaceutical product is safe
It is misinformation to state that the vaccines are safe
We have skipped the study that would allow you to make that statement scientifically
Most people don't realize that there's a list of known side effects on the information she provide with every vaccine that is shipped
Here is just a partial list of printed adverse events for just one of the hepatitis B vaccines and direct B
Here are the side effects her B zoster meningitis thrombocytopenia anaphylaxis hypersensitivity syndrome ethralgia thritis urticaria
Erithma multiform and cephalopathy swelling the brain just like the covid vaccine multiple sclerosis neuritis
Hyposthenia peristhenia gion barre syndrome paralysis bells palsy optic neuritis paralysis perisis seizures syncopate transverse myelitis conjunctivitis
Tonight is vertigo tachycardia apnea bronchospads including asthma like symptoms
Just pepsia alopecia angiodema eczema and stevens johnson syndrome
That's just one vaccine
That vaccine manufacturer has all these side effects in the warning list because why it is stipulated by the fda
That there is a reasonable belief that they are causally related to the vaccine
That's why they're there. They're not adding them just because they think they should because they have to
Now one thing that I will just throw out there is I've never heard maryll nass break it down like del can break it down
And del breaks it down
I've never heard maryll nass break it down like that. I've never heard robert malone break it down like that
Never heard jessica rose break it down like that never heard kevin mccernan break it down like that
I've never even heard any of them hint at the possibility that it could be broken down like this
But del one of the potential side effects many of them serious and that is just the first vaccine given to a baby on their first day of life
By the way, the safety study for that hepatitis v vaccine was only four days long and had no placebo comparator
That is not science. That's insanity. We currently have a lawsuit trying to have that vaccine removed until they do proper safety testing
Everyone of the childhood vaccines has a similar list of side effects. No, they are considered rare
I mean even somebody like steven hatville who's now supposedly on our team will never say this
Think about this
The last three people that talked are saying things that no one else even came close to saying
an hour and 15 minutes into it
How rare is it when you multiply roughly 50 potential side effects seven and right before it, right?
He stopped and said to the lady. Yeah, you're not an anti-vaxxer, right?
Yes
And her response was well, I'm infer informed consent
Informed consent means you tell people that the vaccines can hurt kill and have
Potentially 20 different possible side of the two times
Which the total number of doses given to a child by the time they're 18
The relevant revelations from the recent study of the covid vaccine explains what we have been saying for years
Vaccines are not completely safe and those side effects are rare
What happens when you add them all together?
Perhaps it looks like this last slide
This is what brian hooker was talking about in the 1980s when we were giving 11 doses of about three vaccines the chronic illness rate
Which includes neurological and autoimmune disease was 12.8 percent
Once we passed the 1986 act and we had the gold rush of vaccines
Exploded to 53 doses as I said 72 that's 53 shots 72 doses
You watch the chronic illness rate neurological and autoimmune disease sky rocked a 54 percent of our children
And by the way that study was finished up in 2011 2012
We have no idea since then how bad this has gotten but what you were looking right at there is the greatest decline in public health in human history
Never have we watched that many children in just a few decades have their immune system start fighting their own bodies and swelling brains
And when you look at the numbers that brian hooker just showed you they match exactly what we're seeing them call rare in this covid study
Five times rate of neurological disorders back versus unbox though
Even about four times rate of autism in people that got the vaccine compared to those that don't so it's rare
But it's possible and it's real and when we look at those rare numbers stacked up especially with autism
We're now at one in 45. That's conservative when they say one in 35 children is being diagnosed with autism roughly one in 20 to 24 boys
Is that still rare sure sure it's just a couple per 100
But what we can never say again after this study and what we all now know is that vaccine injury isn't happening
That's a line it is and we all have a threshold and we should figure out what that threshold is because millions of children being injured all around the world
Well said del can't ask the questions. Wow
Mr. Victory regarding the recent vaccine article that's not paper published yet but came out electronically that you were citing
As the source for those
Quote rare events listed my recollection was the study was restricted to only events that occurred in the first 45 days after administration
So it neglects to address anything that occurs longer such as autoimmune disease cancer other other things
Do I understand that correctly? That's my understanding too and it's really what we see in all of these studies
It's why we keep arguing we need full double blind long-term placebo studies to license these vaccines
I mean look at what a vaccine does just by nature you stop someone on the street and say what is a vaccine?
Do well it tricks the immune system into thinking it's had a disease like a killed virus or something
That was what everyone would say you're tricking the immune system. Well, what is this crisis?
It's an autoimmune disease crisis that we're seeing in this country like we've never seen before
So somehow the immune systems of our children and our adults now are confused
They're attacking our own cells in our own bodies
And so when people say well, how do you know it's vaccines?
How do you know it's not the air? How do you know it's not the food? How do you know it's not the water?
I'd say well first of all all of those issues all the chemicals in our food are waters being approved by the same regulatory agency
So they should be investigated but if all of those things there's one product that by design
Is designed to trick your immune system into thinking it's had a disease
And we're not tricky at one time or two times or five times or ten times or 20 times or 50 times 72 times
No one in this room has been through that. Not one of these adults. We say oh, I'm doing the same thing to my kids that I did
No, you're not
This is destroying the health of our children when you get on top of the right way. Thank mr
Whoa, he really nailed that one. He really nailed that one
I don't know what to tell you whether you like del or you like I can or you think they're
Scientologists behind them or whatever your story is that was a freaking home run
And none of these people are really saying what these last three said none of them ever have
None of them ever will
Robert Malone won't do it because he's been in that vaccine and been a vaccinologist for too long to say it
Carried-funded boss isn't going to tell you there's a problem with the vaccine schedule in america
Kevin McCarran's never going to tell you there's a problem with the vaccine schedule america
Charles rixie's not going to tell you there's a problem with the vaccine schedule in america
But brian hooker will and del big tree will and del big tree will say it just like that
None of you people who say that you're giving everything
To your kids have us received what you're given to your kids
None of us
And so it's not right for us to say it
We should be ashamed when we do all our kids about our had their shots
You should be ashamed to say it because you gave them
30 or 40 more shots than you ever had
I know i'm ashamed to say it
That was freaking amazing del that was freaking amazing del
Can you look at what a vaccine does just by nature you stop someone on the street and say what does a vaccine do well
It tricks the immune system into thinking it's had a disease like a killed virus or something
Like what everyone would say you're tricking the immune system
Well, what is this crisis?
It's an autoimmune disease crisis that we're seeing in this country like we've never seen before
So somehow the immune systems of our children and our adults now are confused
They're attacking the own our own cells in our own bodies
And so when people say well, how do you know it's vaccines?
How do you know it's not the air? How do you know it's not the food?
How do you know it's the water?
I'd say well first of all all of those issues all the chemicals in our food
Our water is being approved by the same regulatory agency
So they should be investigated
But if all of those things there's one product that by design is designed to trick your immune system into thinking it's had a disease
And we're not tricky at one time or two times or five times or ten times or 20 times or 50 times 72 times
No one in this room has been through that. Not one of these adults
We say oh, I'm doing the same thing to my kids that I did. No, you're not
This is destroying the health of our children when you get on top of the right way
Thank mr
Big truth and time about our immune system centers dr. Sabine haston
She's been practicing gas for interalgae for the last three decades
Walking currently conducting over 200 clinical trials for pharmaceutical companies including vaccine studies her risk 200 pharmaceutical trials
She's currently working on I wonder who this is and whether we should trust her
Search genetic sequencing lab is spearheading the study of the gut microbiome
And it's linked to several diseases with 57 clinical trials dr
Genetic sequencing of the gut microbiome again. I wonder if we should trust anybody who's got their whole career tied to genetic sequencing patient
Thank you. Thank you senator. It's an honor to be here
The microbiome or microbes in our guts is our immunity and tells the story and we'll tell the story of covid-19
And this is why as a gastroenterologist I stepped into the pandemic
Now remember she's about to tell you that the whole story of covid is the gut and that it replicates in the gut or that it
It's a bacteriophage or something like that. It's
It's destroying the bifidobacteria and that's what's causing the dysregulation of the immune system and
Information and all this other stuff. So she's got the explanation
For why this all happens that all these other people apparently don't know crap about no pun intended through my experience
I will show you how difficult it was to conduct research and publish when the research goes against the national public health narrative
Interference and delay in research happened and affects all of us
In early 2020 my research genetic sequencing laboratory was the first lab to document the entire sequence of the virus in the stools
As opposed to the pcr which is just a little piece of the virus
We discovered that the virus linked so she's bragging that she was able to sequence the whole virus in the gut
Not just use pcr, which is an interesting thing because it's sort of in a way
Make sure that everybody that's listening understands that there is a virus and we found it and it was in the gut
We found the whole sequence. Don't forget we found it
Good in the stools for up to 45 days
It took six months to publish this publication at a time where everybody needed to know that it was in your stools
My lab also showed so she's arguing for the fact that the virus is in your stool. That means it's in the sewer
That means we can test in the sewer to find out whether there's a local outbreak happening
Do you hear it ladies and gentlemen?
That covid-19 in the stools was killed by hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin
But unfortunately azithromycin and hydroxychloroquine killed the microbiome
So therefore vitamin cd and zinc was added three protocols were submitted to the FDA from our findings
Three studies were also put into clinical trials.gov in full transparencies to help doctors more effectively treat
covid because I knew data that nobody knew
April 2nd 2020 FDA gave us an exempt letter for doing a clinical trial in other words
We did not need to do a clinical trial on hydroxychloroquine z-pack vitamin cd and zinc as treatment or hydroxychloroquine vitamin cd and zinc as prophylaxis
April 4th somebody must have called the FDA and said
I got another letter saying i'm sorry doctor
He's an exemption is denied that you must do a full on clinical trial. Here's the letter
System pressures delayed us and we got a green light to start recruiting by may 2020 by then the media created fear around hydroxychloroquine
It was impossible to recruit this drug was safely given for years for arthritis and lupus with no problems
My clinical trials companies were also banned and censored from advertising on facebook instagram and twitter
Remember I do clinical trials for a living and never as a clinical trial doctor
Have I not been able to advertise to recruit for a trial on social media?
I kept collecting stools of patients and noticed that patients with severe covid had a certain bacteria that was missing
Compared to people that were highly exposed to covid, but never got covid that bacteria is called bifida bacteria
Bifida bacteria is an important and key microbe for immunity
It represents your trillion dollar industry of probiotics in fact when you turn the bottle and you see the ingredient
It says bifida bacteria. It is present in newborns
This is why your newborns did not get a problem from covid at the beginning and it is absent in old people
The process of aging is loss of bifida bacteria
We published so it's impressive right because her whole theory is is that bifida bacteria is at the center
of the vulnerability to or the resistance to
The covid and so the covid exists the covid is going around the covid can be sweet
The covid can be found it's still going around and it goes through your gut
We can look for it in your poop and that means we can look for it in the sewer
The entire sequence can be found in your gut. That's pretty awesome
Now the entire sequence could be found in your gut if the subgenomic rna's are being shed and being gone
Go into your gut and then can be detected
You would not be able to differentiate between the entire genome being expressed as subgenomic rna's and the entire genome being expressed as a full genome
That's the million-dollar question that nobody can answer
Because none of these products are good enough to test for it
Kevin McCurnan has told us that nanopore sequencing isn't really good
Had getting long sequences it can do it
But the fact that when we run a whole batch of viruses through nanopore and only find two full genomic sequences
Doesn't mean there were only two full genomic sequences
Come on jay know the limitations of the methodology
And so that holds true of course also for when we look into the gut when we look for these small sequences and sequence the whole sequence
It doesn't mean you found the whole sequence continuous from beginning to end in a final viral genome packaged well and ready to go
It means that your 99 primer pairs picked up 88 or 90 amplicons and you decided to call it a positive
And yet she was very clear and very succinct and very precise in her very early citation
That we had trouble publishing the fact that we can find the whole virus in the gut and it's in your stool
And she's very insistent that her experience means you can't doubt her she's an expert and this is the way it is
But if autistic kids are autistic because they don't have bifidobacteria then how come when people lose bifidobacteria from
COVID that they don't go bananas
I understand they get sick. Maybe I understand that the the biome changes. Maybe they stop absorbing
Nutrients the same way. Maybe they have a whole bunch of auto immunity
But I don't really fully understand the idea that bifidobacteria in your gut are by definition the the pivot point
I don't get it it's possible
It's totally possible, but I don't get it. I don't get how everybody else at the table hadn't already come to this conclusion
Then by now in 2024 or is it 2026 that Robert Malone will tell us that
Sabine ended up being right and it was a bacteriophage
And it was replicating in the in the gut and not in the lungs
Is that really the plan it can possibly be paper the lost microbes of COVID-19?
It took eight months to publish
If you follow the bifidobacteria like I did
You will notice and we did notice anyways that vitamin c actually increases bifidobacteria
This is why vitamin c is important when you take when you take care of viruses and so vitamin c can't have anything to do with anything else
It's just bifidobacteria
You know you've all experienced taking vitamin c for a goal
Well, we published this data where we showed vitamin c if we give it to patients before and after it increased the bifidobacteria
I vermectin was also an interesting drug because I vermectin we noticed also increased the bifidobacteria within 24 hours of taking it
Why ivermectin if you look at what ivermectin is it is a fermented product of a bacteria that is similar to bifidobacteria
In fact, they're in the same continent of microbes. They live they're like sisters brothers in the microbiome
So I published I knew that ivermectin increased bifidobacteria
But I said that I can't go out there and start publishing that that's going to be too controversial
So I published a hypothesis that may be what I was so 24 hours after taking ivermectin you have more bifidobacteria in your lungs
I mean, and sorry in your gut that that's impressive
Observing on the front line treating patients with covid noticing that their oxygen saturation was increasing from ivermectin
Was basically maybe ivermectin increased bifidobacteria the hypothesis on ivermectin was the most red hypothesis in the pandemic
And was retracted after eight months of being on
When we cannot make a hypothesis, how does the bifidobacteria increase the oxygen level in the blood
All right, that doesn't hit me right away sis. This is not science
December 2020 at the same time that I was treating patients with covid
I began collecting stools of my colleagues that were at home and started going into the hospital
And I said can I get your stools before and after you get vaccinated?
Because to me this new technology of vaccines
I wanted to see what it was doing on the microbiome
I discovered that messenger RNA vaccines killed the bifidobacteria
I knew I would never be able to publish this because it goes against the narrative
So I submitted it to my college the american college of gas strength orology and presented it in october 2022
this abstract
one
A research award at the american college of gas Cho beating 6 000 abstracts
That's from academic centers like harvard and mayo clinic and i'm ganderson
This abstract got the attention of 18 000 gi doctors who all of a sudden started realizing
Maybe killing bifidobacteria is why I got covid after my vaccine to begin with
Worse than that and another abstract we presented was the persistent damage of bifidobacteria from the vaccine
What is going on here that the vaccine continues to kill the bifidobacteria at the same time
We presented a link between loss of bifidobacteria and crones disease
Loss of bifidobacteria in Lyme disease and loss of bifidobacteria in invasive cancer
It is nearly impossible to publish data that goes against the national public health narrative
If doctors can all publish the data, they cannot find solution to fix the problems
So in conclusion, I will finish with showing this this represents
Clinical trials that I've done for pharmaceutical companies
Prior to covid amongst them are vaccine studies. Yes, I brought vaccines to the market
Proton pump inhibitors cardiac drugs biologics for all sorts of conditions
uh
First postpartum depression drug drugs that never made it to the market because they kill people
Clinical trials doctors follow guidelines that allows the industry to provide safe drugs
These guidelines were not followed during the pandemic and because of that everyone is affected
Covid should have been a time where humanity joined forces together and doctors needed to come together
It's a shame that it didn't happen interference with research affects all of us. This should not be political
Science is a story that evolves. It's a multitude of experiments that allow us to see medicine to give hopes to patients
Skepticism challenging the current state of knowledge having an open mind must be allowed if we have any hope of moving science forward
What I saw this pandemic was not science
Thank you. Thank dr. Hasen uh rather time
Yes, if you want to take five seconds to name who you think's advertised your research
Um, it used to be that pharmaceutical companies. We're working with the doctors now
Unfortunately pharmaceuticals companies are captured by uh, the the price of the stock
Um, you know venture capitalist owned pharmaceutical companies. They own the cr the clinical research organizations
They own the site. They own the institutional review board. They own the advertising the marketing they influence the the through the media
And so unfortunately, there's a big it's a it's a loaded question, but it's a big market
And what we saw this pandemic was the price of the stock mattered more than the price of a life
Okay, thank data. Hey is our next to our presenters dr. P. R. Corey
Dr. Corey is the chief of critical care services the university, wisconsin is the former chief
University of wisconsin who co-founded in service as a president chief medical officer of the front line covid-19 critical care alliance. Dr. Corey
Um, since it's founding the fda has approved approximately 32 000 medicines for practically every condition known to medical science
This massive library of treatments is actually a gift to humanity
But like all libraries it also contains secrets
We're only now beginning to understand that many long established drugs have multiple mechanisms and can be used effectively treat diseases
With either similar or even different pathophysiologies
Further the longer they've been in use the more well known as their safety profile
Thus there's an enormous potential for repurposing this massive sort of back catalog of well-known drugs that the fda is already disease safe
So why on earth aren't we systematically testing them for potential new uses
Yogi truth as by preheasin and others have uh referred to is that it's not profitable to do so
Big pharma makes money on complicated new drugs and it effectively controls numerous levers of power
Nearly half of fda's budget is bankrolled by the drug industry and its tentacles are deep in media academia medicine and other regulatory agencies like the NIH
And for decades in this wage war and safe effective off patent treatments from numerous diseases
And I would argue none more damaging than this decades long war on vitamin d
Big pharma's main tactic is valuing randomized control trials as the infallible gold standard
While dismissing positive results of other kinds of studies such as observational studies or smaller randomized control trials
But here's the unfortunate reality these large randomized control trials. That's the only currency now to get approval
Well, they are not uh, they're not objective and they're not without bias because they cannot overcome the bias of the massive funders
That are uh bankrolling these trials
I would argue that the only thing controlled about them is their results as we saw numerous times in the pandemic
Meanwhile observational studies which are far simpler and cheaper to perform. They can be done by independent
Bessigators nights and weekends just doing chart reviews
Well little known fact is that those kind of trial designs actually produce results that are completely consistent with randomized control trials
This is well known now from a meta-analysis of publishing the Cochrane library in 2014 where they compared 10,000 randomized control trials and observational trials
And they looked at their results and they concluded on average there is little evidence for significant effect estimate differences between observational studies and randomized control trials
Can you show my first slide?
And I would argue that this belief this heralding of the randomized control trial is largely the result of massive disinformation
Um, I always so it's unfortunate
They didn't coordinate messaging because somebody earlier said that the gold standard of any safety
Testing of a pharmaceutical is a randomized placebo
Just uh remind um, my readers. I wrote a book called the war on ivermectin, which is literally a case study
There he goes
On repurposed trial
Information and I would invite the audience
It's not a long article but it details the numerous tactics and I would say the most damaging is the one I have on the screen
It's called the fake and it consists of three different actions that they take one is that they design and conduct trials with predetermined results
They did that repeatedly in the pandemic particularly negative studies to show that hydroxychloroquine or evanecan didn't work
And then they only they selectively published only those negative studies and they censor positive studies
This cynical manipulation of evidence-based medicine is not a secret as far back as 2009 dr
Marsha angel the long time editor of the new journal of medicine issued this prescient warning
Quote is simply no longer possible to believe much of the clinical research that is published
Order rely on the judgment of trusted physicians or authoritative medical guidelines
No one knows the total amount of money provided by drug companies to physicians
But I estimate from the annual reports of the top nine us based drug companies that it comes to tens of billions of dollars a year in north america
We found out uh a couple weeks ago that cori is getting about
$230,000 a year from flcc as their director or whatever
That's kind of cool good for him
End quote
This creeping decades long war on all patent drugs went into overdrive during the pandemic when big pharma turns its guns against early treatments for
covid
Using their control over the high-pack medical journals
They consistently published studies designed to show predetermined negative results
With the size of these studies and the control over the journals they managed to convince the world of a lack of efficacy
Using only a handful of studies despite hundreds of others concluding efficacy
Further these studies numerous fatal flaws were ignored for example
The Peru to prove a medicine didn't work
They consistently used the lowest doses for the shortest courses while enrolling patients as late as possible into these
While including only the mildest cases
They did the exact opposite actions when they were trying to prove something was effective like pack slow
But those child designs were mirror images of each other. Uh, they were opposites. Can you show the next slide please?
This is what's called the forest plot that shows 43 effective medicines and covid
I've circled the only ones that were approved for use in the United States
And actually the circles are off
But if you look you probably can't see it, but if you look at the costs the only things approved in the United States
All costs ending many hundreds if not thousands of dollars every zero of $1 $2
$5 medicine was completely ignored and never would reach regulatory approval
Um further when they did not get the result they wanted in several instances
They were forced to change the original endpoint as opposed to never event and research science
And despite these manipulations each of these studies publications launched massive negative PR campaigns and recommendations from health agencies against the use of these
Inexpensive safe repurpose drugs last slide
If you look, this is just a little summary of the evidence base as we sit here today
Uh as of uh today there have been 420 controlled trials studying hydroxychloroquine and covid that includes over half a million patients
With ivermectin there have been 100 controlled trials with over 125,000 patients and summary analyses of these evidence bases all show large magnitudes statistically significant benefits in all important outcomes
Yet in this country ivermectin is considered an ineffective horse dewormer and hydroxychloroquine the drug of fringe quack right wing anti-vaxxers
So what's the way forward from here?
We need to create a framework to test off-patent and off-label drugs and model their clinical benefits and cost savings
We have that it's called the domain program
Robert Malone knows all about it. He can tell you exactly how he
Used an x model of an x-ray crystallography of the three cl protease and he interfaced that with all
Known drugs and pharmaceuticals on the fda roster in less than three weeks mostly with a volunteer team
We
Don't need to do that that that's already been cracked
The guys sitting right next to you. You've toured the world with him for three years
You're not aware that we already got that thing figured out public private partnership of the verse independent unconflicted stakeholders accountable to congress
Could conduct sustained independent systematic studies of repurpose drugs that would complement fda review
Clinical practice and the role of natural immune health it won't be easy
But if physicians health care leaders and politicians unite on this call to action
We can push the system towards greater accountability and help more people in the process. Thank you. Thank you
I remember in december of 2020. I specifically asked Francis Collins this after you have hearings in november and youth in december
But what is the NIH doing in terms of exploring these molecules as generic drugs?
He's all centered we spent hundreds of millions of dollars exploring this and said well good
Send me the information on it wouldn't surprise you that too. I never got that information
What what can what can doctors do?
I mean what resources can they research and quite honestly what can patients do to find this information find doctors who actually you
you know think outside the box and
Do something other than what big pharma tells them to do I would say the best answer as of right now would be my nonprofit organization
co-founded by professor paul america
We have done immense amount of work at looking to roll of safe available repurpose medicines in a number of disease models
And I think I think that would be the start of a resource
But you know we're just a little nonprofit
This is a major issue that affects a massive population not only in the u.s
But around the world and
Clearly we need more resources put to this to the study of these medicines and as my colleagues have eluded
There's just no financial incentive to do that for those that control literally public health and medicine in general
They're they this is the enemy this is the Achilles heel of the entire pharmaceutical industry
They they are terrified of repurposed drugs you will never get a repurposed drug to reach a regulatory approval if there's
More profitable alternatives mr. Kieran has question
Yes, I just wanted to highlight the asymmetry and the publication that's going on here because Del brought up this great paper of 99 million patients
If you go to that paper, it was funded it was 10 million dollar study and it was funded by the cdc and hhs
Which both have I mean the hhs has 400 million dollars in vaccine royalty and cdc
We go from brine hooker has has vaccine money
And yet their paper is heralded all over the place and if you look at that paper
It says data not available
I'm working on the human genome project with taxpayer funded money
We put data public every 24 hours who need to this and then folks like yourselves to be in jessica and pr
You put data out and you get retracted
And your data is available. So there's just a massive asymmetry in peer review right now
That is also captured in the topic that needs to be addressed
Thank you all
Our next there is a asymmetry in peer review that needs to be addressed that he has a blockchain solution for just in case you're worried
He's got one, you know
It's not just sequencing and the double stranded adulteration of the
Of the covid shot that this guy's got under control
He's also got a blockchain solution for this asymmetry in peer review
Presenter is dr. Christian perone
MD and PhD he is a professor of infectious disease in paris
He was chairman of official committees on vaccination and communicable diseases
He was vice chairman of the european vaccination group at world health organization dr perone
And tell me how it pronounced that if i'm pronouncing it incorrectly
Thank you senator
So
At the very beginning of the covid crisis i realized that dissenting opinions were subjected to pressure and even phrase and i experienced that myself
Because i was considered at that time because during 15 years i was working with the different ministers
As a nice guy and a competent expert and from one day to another i was
They wanted to suppress my voice and there was a dangerous person and
in
2020 we published with colleagues in my department our
Fantastic experience with the combination of hypoxic working as it from my scene
Is a we had the lowest mortality in all the paris area and the lowest in france just like a digital route in massay
So that was unacceptable for the authorities
They made pressure my colleagues we had to they were threatened for their career
We had to withdraw the article from it was terrible and as a reward
Also, I was fired from my position of the head of the infectious disease department in my hospital position, which I occupied for 26 years
And at that time I saw that many fake data and even fraudulist articles were published even in the major medical journal for me
It was really a terrible problem and you all know about the first big scandal the so-called lancet gate where the lancet journal published
So called a huge study demonstrating by hydroxychloroquine was not effective and very dangerous
It appeared rapidly that it was fraudulist. It was also acknowledged by the authors by the journal
But our minister of health at that time will give you a answer
They after the publication of the lancet study sign a big prayer
If not not the name in English would be create something like that to to forbid the prescription of hydroxychloroquine in france for gps
And when a few days later
It was a published worldwide that the article was fraudulist he never suppressed
his
But he just signed before so I said in the french media at the end of june 2020 that the government was responsible for around
25,000 excess deaths in france due to the
The lack of possibility to prescribe hydroxychloroquine. So of course we wanted to
to
to block my voice in the media and they succeeded so with some experts from different backgrounds
And we created an association nonprofit association called bonsons that are bonsons in french
It's common sense because we analyze all the medical publications and when we saw data that were not
realistic fake data or
Also fraudulist articles we responded by publishing articles
In peer reviewed journals and it was much more powerful to protest that way just to shout in the
On the TV and we did that and I thank all my colleagues who did that and also
We filed complaints so legal actions to attack some decisions of the government to support
the victims of the so-called vaccine
The problem is when a fake
Information is present in the medical journals all the public media relay that in the worldwide that when we publish a counter expertise with the truth
Nobody speak about it. Oh, it's just I'm gonna fast forward to this guy if you don't mind
He's not really saying very much. He's not a bad guy
I just don't want to listen to him anymore. We're gonna. I want to get done and we're already in the third hour fake information
So contingency
Germany what was the powerful interests sabotaging early treatment in france
The powerful interest I mean if it wasn't the vaccine manufacturers which you don't have in this case in france
I mean is it the media is the world health organization? I mean what what elite group?
Created the environment to first of all pass that obnoxious law against free speech
What's happening in france? I mean who's who's fallen the strings there?
What's happened is the media completely under control of the authorities so
All the dissident voices are suppressed under the favor on the TV all some so-called key opinion leaders
What's the we could seem for my girls and I would think that in my book cuts and I ask you that you please persevere because what happens in the
US affects us all around the world all right to give you a little bit of context global policies around COVID-19 vaccines were of course
Dictatorial and discriminatory leading to the persecution of unvaccinated people such as myself and also leading to vaccine injuries these policies were justified via claims about the vaccines as effectiveness and safety now recent research published in major medical journals reveals that these claims were highly okay, so I know what he's going to say this guy's name is
Ladda Laddister
I want to get to Randy
I want to get to Randy if you've never heard of Randy before Randy's the bomb so we're going to go right through to Randy here
I'm sure this guy's got great things to say too, but I just don't have time for it anymore. I want to hear Randy
And host of the rest of the story with our Logan Miss Logan, thank you senator Johnson. Oh my gosh
I was asked to testify on media censorship and the First Amendment the importance of free speech
And I do want to say that it is an honor and a privilege to be here with all of you and with you senator Johnson
Thank you for hosting this rogue committee
It's it's important to all of us because of everything discussed today that we address the
The vital principles and values that exist really only in the United States
Is it okay?
Is it okay if I go on from this one and don't listen to her talk either
I'm not trying to insult her or say that I don't want to listen to a lady
But I want to hear Randy talk. Is that okay? Can I do that?
Dell watch yourself there
Watch yourself. Dell keep your eyes up
Anyway, just joking
Dell's got to be exhausted. I mean man. Oh, man
What did he have to wait like an hour to speak and then he spoke for 15 minutes and now he's got to wait another hour
Like that's a lot of sitting around
Okay, here we go patient propaganda researcher who has become who's been presenting on covert and over systems of public control for over 20 years
Thank you senator, it's an honor to be here and honored to be with the contributors here today
Hidden from the public what's being purposely hidden from the public is any sort of visual or auditory input that would offer a counter narrative
To the political gospel preached by the ruling group
We are indeed encountering massive sense of censorship in this exact way
Yet what looks like censorship is the documented hijacking of the subconscious mind pathway
Which has proven the primary modality by which humans determine what behaviors and beliefs
They will adopt as their own in order that they find safety in the bigger group
The statistical proof of this psychic hijack is every other statistic that will be offered here by the speakers on this panel
In order for humans to walk off a cliff on mass in this fashion
Information manipulation will always be at the heart of the operation
In order for all these speakers to be here today with each proving that if they could just come to the realization that they've
Been manipulated into imagining a virus that wasn't possible
A phenomenon that's not possible if they could just get to that stage
Because they're ready to believe they've been lied to about everything else. That's how close we are to winning we're this close
Something extremely devilish is a foot my area of research had to come first
And is the primary building block of everything else being currently addressed
You cannot produce any of these death centric results in this many areas without this primary cornerstone
Being in place first, which is information manipulation and modern high-tech censorship
Wow nice
Censorship isn't just about hiding the truth or creating spin for one political agenda or another
Modern censorship is part and parcel of hijacking the genetic group pressure
Mechanisms and group affiliation software which all humans hold within each cell in their bodies
Human behavior is determined to be either an exact mirror reflection of the environment in which they live or very close to it
What we see is what we'll be what we hear is what will make clear
Humans are proven to copy mimic emulate and mirror the most repetitive content of their environment as a way to find safety with the bigger group
And to achieve increased security if we see morality
We become moral in most cases if we live within a den of thieves we can easily become a thief
He who controls the environment in which a human resides controls the perceptions beliefs and behaviors of that human
Modern censorship today is clearly about up-regulating
Disempowering negative content and turning down empowering positive content
In the way censorship is used in our modern time. It's not simply about hiding truth
Today's censorship is weaponized to define and create an inverted and extremely dark reality inside
Which no human can ever be happy healthy or prosperous for many generations to come
This new reality based on negative dark and disempowering repetitive content appears anti-human at its very core
And that should obviously concern each and every one of us
As for proof of government failures
I see none as what we observe galloping today is not a systematic failure by any stretch of the imagination
Each inversion we've witnessed more so over the past four years
Wow executed to precision nice small group hiding inside government and big business
Yes, call a brilliant execution of premeditated planning a failure instead of a smashing success is to be intellectually dishonest
Whoa with this type of censorship, which is intended to firmly impregnate the public with strong inverted beliefs ideas and behavior
Personal freedom for the members of the general public and for medical professionals alike is frankly not possible
We need a full-about face at this point with each and every citizen dedicating fully to the founding principles of this great nation
Thank you. Wow. What's that badass? Who is this great man?
Holy shit. So in the short period of time we have who do you think that small group who are?
That's hard to say senator, but you can tell it does not reflect the will of the people
It does not increase the the wealth of the people it does not increase the health of the people
They're trying to take the once powerful human lion and turn us into an easily ruled and easily firm human lamb
But but somebody or some organizations are pulling the strings on this
Do you have any idea what he's sitting right there?
Look at his face
Holy shit
He's sitting right there. This guy's throwing heat
I I couldn't say for sure, but they're well above government
I think the solutions the solution will revolve around each and every citizen taking their own personal power back within their own home
Becoming ethical becoming moral you can't you know, you can't rule you can't farm lions only lambs and we've been dumbed down and our health is being
Removed to the point we're very easily ruled at this point
Do you think technology is going to help us convey the truth or do you think it's gonna be impediment because it's obviously used both ways
I think we I think all the systems that are used to rule us today can be used for good as well
My control can be used for good as well, but it's being used for negative today
I think all the systems we have in place if they're in the hands of moral and ethical people we can definitely turn this around
Do you understand that if facebook and instagram and tan tiktok wanted to make teenagers into very studious
Skill seekers
That pursued instruments and jazz music and calculus and advanced math
That it would just be a matter of months before they could flip that
narrative on those teenagers
By promoting
Teenagers that are successful that are entrepreneurs that are successfully in school that study hard
And by promoting videos of those kinds of kids that could change the world in a matter of months
You do understand that right
If they wanted everybody in the united states to turn against the ukraine war and and
Decide that russia was okay. They could do that in a matter of weeks. You know that right
The conscious manipulation of our opinions and habits has been a primary way by which we have been governed since the 20s
According to edward bernays this guy is dead on balls accurate
I like jason. Okay, thank you mr. Kristoff our next presenters mr
Rodney palmer
Mr. Palmer is a Canadian was a Canadian journalist for 20 years
He works as an investigative reporter for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation
And he was a foreign correspondent for ctv news in india china in the middle east mr. Palmer
Thank you senator johnson for assembling this expert team today
I'm going to talk about censorship and television news particularly because it is a new super weapon aimed at the citizens of this country
tv news suppressed the voices of learned scientists who sounded the so I recognized this guy from behind another
Interview was he who was he sitting behind when they were getting interviewed and laughing about it
Who is that dude?
This guy is excellent. Okay. I'll let him go
Laram about covid vaccines and many of them are in this room right now
This censorship was critical to executing a massive fraud
And it couldn't have been perpetrated without the collaboration of the news media that we all trusted
If the news reporters did their jobs instead of reporting propaganda this fraud would have been exposed from the outset
In canada our government websites currently list
488 dead citizens reported to be killed by the vaccines
According to health canada since last year an average of six canadians are still reported to be killed every month
From covid vaccines, but our news media continue to censor this fact every day instead
They lie to us and call them safe and effective as though. No one is dying
As though it's not a game of russian roulette
As though they're not killing people by lying to us
Censorship is what actually caused these deaths
It was the lie that assured us it was safe when it wasn't and it still isn't
The lie killed them as much as the vaccine because it tricked them into taking it
In america, it's much worse
The vaccine companies are allowed to sponsor the news directly they can't do this in canada
To a visiting canadian the news here looks like one big ad for pharmaceutical products
It's a bit of a culture shock when you turn on the tv
There wouldn't even be a new a us newscast without pharma ads
So the reporters on your newscasts are all conflicted. They can't bite the hand that feeds them
They can't possibly investigate the most important stories of our time
Gain of function laboratories fda regulatory capture the world health organizations plan for an international pandemic treaty
They can't possibly do investigative reporting on these stories that affect every american
It appears that the reporters are actually colluding with their sponsors to break fda advertising laws
Fda law requires them to conspicuously describe the known risks of any pharmaceutical product
That's why you get that big long list of all the bad stuff that'll happen just before they say ask your doctor if it's right for you
If the news here is an ad for the vaccines, which I believe it is then they should report on the known risks of those vaccines also
The good news is no one believes the tv news anymore
Only 15 of canadians 15 are getting the boosters. We're on to them
We understand they're lying to us
Alternative media now is the only news we have because the mainstream is dissolved into propaganda dribble
Canada's broadcaster of record the government funded cbc news laid off 130 people in 2020 just when we needed journalism the most
This month they announced another 800 layoffs at the same time. They paid themselves 14 million dollars in performance bonuses
These are public servants. It's only performance seems to have been dismantling the cbc
Canada's largest private news network ctv news laid off 1300 jobs last year
It closed most of its foreign bureaus where I worked as a foreign correspondent from 1996 to 2004
This month ctv's parent company laid off another 4800 staff the largest single corporate layoff in canadian history
It's now canceled lunchtime news hours. It's canceled weekend news casts
After these reporters are laid off will only be left with the trusted favor
The trusted faces of our favorite news anchors delivering the propaganda of the day instead of the news of the day
But when those trusted faces are telling us lies they're like a super weapon aimed directly at us
The news anchors are now the finger on the trigger in that game of russian roulette
When the news is poisoned so is democracy because we stop debating about what's right and instead we waste our time arguing about what's true
We've never seen anything like this before. It's an unprecedented moment in history and it requires an unprecedented remedy to fix it
Most every other country is letting this happen, but where goes america so goes the world
You have a unique role in setting the moral tone for western democracies
So I respectfully recommend that the senate investigate the role of american television news networks including with pharmaceutical advertisers
Discirt the fda laws that require them to declare the known risks of a pharmaceutical product
This investigation should extend to any reporters
News anchors editors and executives who lied to their audience about the safety of the covid vaccines
And I also recommend investigating the total prohibition of pharmaceutical advertising on television in alignment with almost every country in the world
Thank you
Mr. Trump pomany pomer you've obviously had years of experience in the news business
At what point did it shift from being I assume when you were there higher integrity to what we have now
When did that shift and how and why my main
The main media I consume is cbc radio, which is kind of the record in canada and I heard it creeping in I heard pharmaceutical
Um biased advertising creeping in on the weekend news cast
I remember hearing a story that vitamin e was actually no good for men and I thought well who let that slip in and who kind of
I started noticing
The focus on transgenderism particularly on cbc radio to the point where they were announcing a new artist was a bisexual or a new
A new singer was a
They would announce their sexuality and I never thought that I heard you know, david bowie announced as a transsexual singer
It was just the greatest rock and roll singer I ever heard in my life
You know, you never heard that before you never heard about their private lives of their identity
It wasn't it it began to be I'd say about five years ago
It began to creep in as the primary focus of their reporting rather than a secondary focus or something that we weren't interested at all
So what baffles me is generally the left has been very critical of big pharma and the profits they
Make now you almost have a melding of the two I mean can you explain that?
I think there's a confusion about the traditional understanding of left and right it used to be an economic focus largely and now
It's something that's it's very very different. You know, you're seeing this this woke mentality
I would call it and that's why we understood to be versus the common sense
Approach to life and I think that that is blurred the lines of traditional left and right as we used to see it
In the news media you get your more right brain creative people into it and not your more left brain scientific people
This is because you're I'm more of a linguist and more a speaker
So I didn't excel in the maths in the scientists
So then you get you get a packet people like that and the better they are the higher up they go
So you get somebody at the very very top and they don't they don't have much understanding of science
So they can easily be manipulated. They can easily be uh be tricked. I see dr. Gortler has a question for you
Like 15 percent uptake in uh, sorry 15 acceptance of the boosters in Canada right now
It was a 15 percent. I just wanted to point out that that's actually about four times more than what it was in the United States
We had an october 31st deadline for for both covid and for influenza and for you know by the october 31st deadline
It was only 3.4 percent and for influenza. It was only 4.8 percent
It's usually a bit over 50 percent
So it's that at this point a lot of americans they're they're not trusting any vaccine
So some of the some of the messages is actually getting out when I heard what I noticed myself I my
Awakening to it was because since I left journalism
I've been working in a health-related field and I've been I go to medical lectures and particularly doctors dealing with chronic illnesses
And they speak a certain way that every word is spare. It only means one thing
It's from the diagnostic approach to language
But on the radio, I heard very clearly people with corporate media training
They sounded more like a salesman
So I knew that something was up there and I knew also that when our prime minister announced don't worry, Canada
We've invested in vaccines. I thought how long am I hiding in my kitchen? This is going to be a decade
So I knew that that something was up
Um, but slowly slowly they first incentivize out of fear age-related deaths and then they incentivize with these ridiculous rewards
Uh, and then they uh mandated and then they coerced and then they took away our freedoms and then you're in return
For a vaccine you got a conditional term of your rights as a citizen of the country
But and that's slowly how they did it, but I can't tell you how many people have said I got two shots
I'll never get another one and we all know somebody who's an injured so I think they don't trust the media
They're looking around and trusting their own eyes now. Thank you, mr.
I gotta get back on schedule here
Made to come back to mr. Logan if we have some time at the very end, but let's move on to our next presenter dr
Matthias Desmond
He's a professor of psychology at gent university. He has a PhD in psychology and a master degree in statistics
He's currently investigating the psychological effects of propaganda dr. Desmond
Thank you senator johnson
And like most of my colleagues here, um, I didn't really focus or not so much focus on the question what they were hiding
I rather focused on the question how it was possible that so many people refused to see what they were hiding and
Beginning of the crisis. I um, I studied the statistics a little bit and like who many people still refuse to see what they are hiding
They refuse to go all the way back to aids
They go and not refuse to go back to the regular vaccine schedule back to HPV back to any of these other pre
Existing issues that happened before the pandemic and we seem to be very very focused on
Just the virus just this shot just this last four years
Without wanting to roll it all the way back to public health in general
Make sure that you see that because that's what these people are most of this group of
Of people is is about is making sure that you don't roll it back too far
Immediately you got the impression as a statistician that for instance the mortality rates were overrated by a factor 10 and and a few
Months later by the end of May 2020
It was actually clear for everyone who wanted to see it that
Indeed the mortality rates had been dramatically overrated like in a small country such as Sweden that initial models predicted that over
60,000 people who die at the country didn't go into lockdown by the end of May 2020 and the country didn't go into lockdown
And only 6,000 people died and then even like the people who build the initial models
In a hearing for the British House of Commons admitted that a mortality rate had been dramatically overrated in the beginning of the crisis
And still the story continued as if the models had been right the media continued to disseminate the same narrative and the people continued to buy into it
And that from it was a moment when I decided to take a perspective of a of a mass psychologist
And to try to show the people what what psychological mechanisms could explain
How how an entire society was in the grip of a narrative which was utterly absurd?
I would like you to check my archive and make sure you look at
Meredith miller's video that I recorded with her a couple years ago
She has an alternative theory to this
She thinks of it more like people were isolated and and traumatized and therefore
Looked to the television and the people on tv and those people were most of the time teamwork case scenario
for
Comfort and for security
Essentially like the Stockholm syndrome is described as affecting people who are kidnapped it
That they become sort of attached to their kidnappers
We became attached to teamwork case scenario
And to all these people on social media that we thought we're fighting for our rights or thought we're fighting
The chinese or thought we're fighting against the lies or starting to expose the scooby-doo
We got attached to these people because we were essentially traumatized
Isolated and then given these people as our as our respite
And
So Meredith miller has a very different explanation than mass formation for what occurred here. We were traumatized
and abused
And during that extended trauma and abuse we were also
Comforted by people on internet and social media that we came to trust based on this
Trappatic experience. We must understand it correctly
And I don't know that metias desmos explanation is the one that that captures it so well
And um
The more I studied these the psychological mechanisms the more I I noticed that what we were witnessing
Was the emergence of a fully fledged totalitarian system in our society a totalitarian system
Which is always based on what hana or rent called a diabolic pact between the elite and the masses
You need two things for a totalitarian system on the one hand you need an elite which excessively and relentlessly
Uses propaganda to keep control over the population and then you need a part of the population
Usually to go along in that in that propaganda and to buy fanatically into into the narrative and be we've seen I think
both components of a totalitarian system
In this in this in this crisis and um, I I think like
If you want to know who is this guy right here
Does anybody remember who that was he was in another one of these congressional hearings was he sitting behind
like
Wollensky or was he sitting behind vouchy or was he who is he sitting behind?
Do you know what i'm talking about that guy's real what we
Um can do against such a totalitarian system
Maybe behind
Feel what the psychological mechanisms or at work both at the level of the elite and at the level of the population
Um in a nutshell, I I I believe that
Um, what is crucial to understand how such a phenomenon can happen is that a society or the population should be
Uh should struggle with lack of meaning making should be anxious or straight and aggressive and if under these circumstances propaganda is used
Uh, then there's a good chance that propaganda which disseminates a narrative in the population
Which offers an object of anxiety and a strategy to deal with that object of anxiety a virus and lockdown for instance
Then there's a good chance that um
The anxiety in the population will attach to the object of anxiety in the narrative in that
A major part of the population will be willing to participate in a strategy to deal with that object of anxiety even if the strategy is utterly absurd
It sounds a little bit like the Stockholm syndrome and and offering comfort
Right, you know, so it's it's very similar. It's very comparable. It's identical actually to hypnotic state and to
um prevent the hypnosis to go deeper and deeper and deeper you need some people not too much
Some people who continue to speak out in a nice sincere and fruitful way as possible
And to continue to do so even if that means that it will lose a lot in the world of appearances and um, I
I hope and I'm confident that uh, there'll be enough of us who will continue to do so
Mr. Dr. Desmond in your written testimony you talked about the enlightenment and how science was going to prevail and lift humanity out of despair
Uh, Eisenhower and his farewell address talked about the dangers of public funding of science and how it produced an elite
Group of scientists and technologists that are going to drive public policy
Uh seems like that's kind of where we're at and it's that elite
Group that has been driving public policy and quite honestly been driving the propaganda. Can you speak to that at all?
Yeah, of course, um, um, um, I believe that what we've witnessed throughout the last 50 years
I think is a radical perversion of of academic discourse. Um in the beginning science was
A pure example of truth speech. It was the the discourse of a minority who went against a majority and who risked everything
To articulate that discourse in society
But slowly as science became the dominant discourse it got perverted as usually happens when the discourse a truthful discourse of a minority becomes dominant
And um just before the corona crisis the academic world was in a terrible state
We often forget that but like 15 years before the corona crisis. We've seen a
The the relegation crisis in the sciences showing that up to 85 of the academic papers
For instance in the medical field cannot be reproduced and that many of them are fraudulent
And so that was the background that thing against which like an entire academic community could collaborate with
This this uh narrative that sees control of society in the most destructive way imaginable. I think
So what drives that fraud? I mean, is the is the grants is the funding coming from a source that's going to want to particularly outcome of the research
Funding is one thing, but it is not everything
There's something else as well something is a more profound psychological factor
Which is indeed funding is definitely not everything and I know that because like in the academic
Uh field of psychology funding doesn't play a major role, but still most studies cannot be reproduced in meri afradiolent
I think we have to see it in a as money is important, but there's something more important and it is this this
Rationalism I believe that is typical for the enlightenment addition to the definition of enlightenment
Uh replace the religious view man and the world by the materialist view man
I think he's grossly underestimating how grant calls influence what people do grossly underestimating how
Availability and funds decides what people do their phd on
Decides who they study within their postdoc and decide what subjects they decide to investigate
If you want to go do a phd right now on vaccine injury and make an animal model of vaccine injury using a vaccine on the kid childhood schedule
You will not get a dime from nih
Doesn't matter how well you write the grant how smart you are how much frickin
Uh preliminary data you have you're never going to get that funded
And I I really can't stress enough how I feel like that's a really disingenuous thing for someone to say who actually pulls their funding from the EU
Not understanding that the way that the well wellness trust works or the way that nih works is not the way that that basic funding scheme in the EU works
Where you kind of can't really see the directives because it's just kind of an open call
That's not the way it is in the rest of the world
These open calls are not really open calls when they have separate reading committees for separate major
overarching themes
And if your thing doesn't fit neatly into one of those themes under one of those funding priorities, you're not going to get money
I don't know how he can say that in the world and it started to believe that rational understanding should be the guiding principle of our of our society
Rather rational understanding rather than ethical principles and it was a fundamental mistake
Such rationalism as this for instance conveyed by people like Yvonne O'Haraari now such a rationalism in the end
Always lapses into radical irrationality and that's what you're seeing now. I think you're seeing how a world
Marked by the hubris that rational understanding could be the guiding light of not only see why why don't we just say in rational irrational blah blah blah
Why don't we just say that when people consistently lie on television
While at the same time
hurting people
And lying to them about why people are hurting people become traumatized
It doesn't have to have all these big words
When adults
Lie consistently to other adults those adults are traumatized
If those adults can't respond appropriately to correct those lies
If those adults are not allowed to make a living or to go on
An exercise informed consent that those adults that were lied to then become even more stressed
Seems like a lot better explanation than what he just said for the last five minutes
Also of human living together in general
It's it's just proves that
The state we will find ourselves in now proves that rational understanding can never be the grasp the essence of life
Can never be the ultimate guiding principle of society and that in the end
It has a dramatic effect that people lose all ethical awareness
And that is exactly what we have seen in every totalitarian system that emerged whether we are talking about nazism communism or the contemporary
Transhumanist technocratic totalitarianism
It always starts from the the idea that on the basis of rational knowledge knowledge a new paradise
Well, they create will be created and that's how our end said the only problem with this totalitarian paradise is that it looks
Especially like hell
Thank you. Thank you. Dr. Desmond. Our next presenter is Dr. Brett Weinstein
Dr. Weinstein is an evolutionary biologist with a PhD from the University of Michigan
He's a fellow at the brownstone institute. Here we go
He finds a selling book a hunter's gathers guide to the 21st century and host of the dark horse podcast. Dr. Weinstein
Thank you. Senator Johnson
Ladies and gentlemen, I believe we must zoom out if we are to understand the pattern that we are gathered here to explore
Because the pattern is larger than federal health agencies and the covid cartel
If we do zoom out and ask what are they hiding the answer becomes as obvious as it is disturbing
They are hiding everything
It will be jarring for many to hear a scientist speak with such certainty. It should be jarring
We are trained to present ideas with caution as hypotheses in need of a test
But in this case, I have tested the idea and I'm as certain of it as I am of anything
We are being systematically blinded
It is the only explanation I have encountered that will not only describe the presence
But also in my experience predicts the future with all the perfect accuracy
The pattern is a simple one. You can see it clearly and test it yourself
Every single institution dedicated to public truth-seeking is under simultaneous attack
They are all in a state of collapse. Every body of experts fails utterly
Individual experts who resist or worse in an attempt to return their institutions to sanity
They find themselves coerced in the submission if they won't buckle they are marginalized or forced out
Those outside of the institutions who either seek truth alone or who build new institutions with a truth-seeking mission
Face merciless attacks on both their integrity and expertise often by the very institutions whose mission they refuse to abandon
There is a saying in military circles once is a mistake twice as a coincidence three times is enemy action
I have no doubt that given an hour of people on this panel could point to a hundred examples of the pattern I have just described
While finding even a handful of exceptions would pose a significant challenge
We are left in a fool's paradise. Our research universities spend huge sums of public money to reach preordained conclusions
Professors teach only lessons that are consistent with wisdom students have picked up on tick-tock
Even when those lessons contradict the foundational principles of their disciplines
Once proud newspapers like the New York Times and Washington Post only report important stories after they have become common knowledge
Morticians must now raise the alarm over patterns missed by medical examiners. What are we talking about?
No, realize you should do the opposite of whatever it advises
What are we talking about here ongoing inversion of reality are now regularly used
What is he talking about? Are we talking about covid? Are we talking about the lie of spread?
Are we talking about the lie of the PCR? Are we talking about the exaggeration of the fidelity of the sequencing?
Are we talking about protocols and how they killed people with ventilators?
medazolam or emdesivir and the lack of use of antibiotics to treat secondary pneumonia
Are we talking about the millions of people that may have been killed in america and around the world by these lies?
I don't think we are
I don't think we're talking about them at all
That's pretty impressive for a biologist as a coercive weapon of elites against those who threaten them
We have literally witnessed the Department of Homeland Security attempt to set up a truth ministry and declare accurate critique of government as a kind of terrorism
To my fellow patriots in the west the pattern is unmistakable
I cannot tell you with any so to my fellow patriots in the west
Ladies and gentlemen, if you don't hear that
I want you to get up and get out of the room and and log off and don't come back to my stream until you figure it out
Patriots in the west
You don't want he doesn't want you to think of yourself as an american
He doesn't want you to think of yourself as an american citizen that needs to take back america
He doesn't want you to think about yourself as a citizen of the commonwealth of pennsylvania
And in need of taking back the commonwealth of pennsylvania
He wants to think of yourself as a citizen of the west
In it with europe in it with the five eyes countries in it with everybody who's in it with the west
Let's put ourselves into a group of people that's more amorphous than any other group in the universe the west
Let's not get into groups by state. Let's not get into groups by country
Let's not work within existing laws to turn this ship around
Let's think of ourselves as something like the amorphous citizens of the west
And let's see if we can act together in concert using the things that we share like the internet
Holy balls is that anoint me
To be who they are or what they hope to accomplish
But I can tell you that we are being systematically denied the tools of enlightenment there aren't american patriots here
We started out with a guy with 20 years of experience in the back scene and bio bio terrorism bio
Security space then we handed off the mic to a canadian israeli dual citizen who has five degrees
Then we went the next one was a guy who worked for the insurance agencies, which wasn't too bad
And then the next guy cut his teeth in the human genome project
And has been working on these technologies making hundreds of millions of dollars with his brother and his father
For the last 20 years and has had his head in this space since he was a teenager almost
So who have we turned to?
a non practicing doctor who raises emus and horses
A surfing enthusiast who can't find a job and has toured the world as a roaming postdoc funded by nato
A guy who works for the insurance companies, but tells us that there's evidence of spread or not doesn't talk anything about
Daddy ran core and doesn't collaborate with or talk to or speak about
And then a guy who worked for the human genome project and did aids pcr testing in the 90s
Has a as his first entrepreneurial adventure outside of the human genome project taking
Intellectual property that he created at the whitehead and under mit and making millions from it
Is that really the best that we can do?
For extremely rich white people
That's the best we can do
a
mathematician from a
Insurance company makes good money a guy who's been working for 20 years
Distributing vaccine technologies through the who and has given a speech and in front of the who about these technologies 25
Sorry 15 years ago has a horse farm at the base of a national park doing pretty well
How about the the guy who's dad sold a company for 500 million dollars or more?
Also, what are these rich white people doing in front of us a whole god dang room full of rich white people
Black people weren't affected in america
No native americans or as hispanic people were affected in america. There are no black doctors. There's no hispanic doctors
Why
Why was I the first white person in the whole god dang organization of chd and the only white person in the group photo
What is going on here are we in america or not?
Why are all these foreigners talking to me in front of my senate don't we have enough
Doctors in america and dissidents in america that could speak out. We need canadians and Belgians
And dual citizens and nato scientists
The rights guaranteed in our constitution we those who remain dedicated to the values of the west must fight this battle courageously
And we must win for if we do not stem the tide the result will be a dark age that differs from prior dark ages only in the power and sophistication
Of the course of instruments wielded by those who will rule us
So mr. Weinstein i've seen her that was the weakest that was the weak sauce of all weak sauce
Two separate appearances on tucker carlson joe rogan and alex jones in the last month
And then he gets in front of this group in an hour and a half into it. That's what he's got to say
The tenth white man in this talk
And that's what he's got to say
Thanks a lot bret you've done um very interesting as well as your podcast now
I kind of want to ask you I describe my eyes being opened up
Certainly during covid to a number of things. Can you just describe your own even in the description?
I said you're gonna talk about being red-filled. Can you just describe your your journey here?
Well, I think we are all on a similar journey
I did not think that I was naive seven years ago
And then I learned that I had been very naive and I keep learning that lesson
Each new discovery reveals that I was missing something that was right in front of me
And I think that's actually the hallmark of the exact pattern i'm describing
We are in something that I have called a cartesian crisis where the failure of all of these truth seeking mechanisms have left all of us in the dark
There's very little that we can establish with any certainty
And the problem is that the human animal will be driven crazy by such a state
You can only drive so long after you've put on a blindfold before you get a curve
And so that is not a healthy condition and it is certainly not a long-term plan for our survival
So I do mean that we have to win this battle because uh the existence of the west certainly and possibly the existence of our species depends on it
Very said it again the existence of the west. I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen. I'm only fighting for america
The rest of those countries have to pull themselves up. They have to pull their own heads out. We have to pull our head out
That's it. We are supposed to be pulling our head out. That's why we're speaking in front of the senate right now
And
Some of these characters have been touring all around the world speaking in front of all different groups right now we're in america
Why are the same people here?
The same people that spoke in romania in november of 2023. Why are all of them here?
Why is it the same people?
Prior to the last few years, I would have said the greatest threat facing the station was our death deficit which were
Exacerbating we're not fixing it at all
Currently, I think the greatest threat is our division
And I try and point out that the good news is we're not a naturally divided people not nationally not globally
As human beings we all want the same things safety security enough opportunities for prosperity take care of ourselves and our family
So you have to ask the question what is dividing us?
And I would argue there are there are there are groups there are individuals who are purposely dividing us
Would you agree with that and can you identify that?
Absolutely our division is necessary in order to keep us from restoring our capacity to understand and to plot our course in a rational way
So it is clearly serving someone's interest
I'm much less certain about who that someone is and I'm not sure it even matters
The the primary job that we have is to rebuild the basic tools that allow us to function as a society because as much as our society
May have had substantial defects it is at least the prototype for what we must build if we're to continue indefinitely as a prosperous species
During this process, I've gotten to know robert candy jr
I think it's a very good person now the discussions we've had we've talked about in order to unify this nation to to end the division
It's going to take you know individuals from both sides
Maybe from the fire sides to come together recognize the truth and start conveying the truth
Would you agree? That's what's going to be necessary?
Yes, and I think we have to do it immediately
I know that personally I have many ideological beliefs and I have put them all aside
The defense of the west is paramount and to the extent that we differ over how society is to be managed in some small way
Let's fight about that later. We have to save the west
So I would think that would be one of the appeals of this panel again
I what one thing I've found out in these discussions, you know, the doctors I've been dealing with generally we're not from the right
Well, they generally weren't republican they were democrat but I've been considering something
I'm just going to say it out loud right now
I don't care anymore because I'm just trying to win and I don't I don't really care what people think anymore
Honestly, no one's going to be listening at three minutes and 12 seconds into the 12 minutes in three hours and 12 minutes except for you guys
But we have to consider something very serious here
Brett Weinstein interviewed robert, I'm sorry robert f Kennedy jr
on november
21st
something like that in
And did not release the interview until february of 2023 14 months later
Now there's two ways to see that you can see that as they recorded an interview
And brett didn't release it
And bobby kennedy didn't know who brett Weinstein's dad was
And he was very disappointed that brett didn't release his podcast until february of 2023 when he did
or
Of course, another alternative would be that brett Weinstein's dad already knew bobby
Because he knew bobby's dad
Which means that bobby would already know who brett was before brett became brett
Which would mean that maybe bobby knew that brett wasn't going to release the podcast right away and was okay with it
Which means it's very not very strange anymore that all the people that were
Kind of not for bobby are now for bobby
And
So you can see very much here a little change now that
Now that we've moved on and we're past january of 2024. It's okay for robert melon to promote bobby
It's okay for robert melon to promote chd
It's okay for brett Weinstein to mention chd on his podcast and actually show
An article from the defender on his podcast which he's never done until this year
We are being played ladies and gentlemen
Make no mistake about this. We are being played
By people wittingly and unwittingly participating in this charade about a gain of function virus
For which we knew nothing about and responded as best we could
harvey wishes
Narrative was even crazier than that
But this scooby-doo is real senator johnson believes it fully
And it's going to be very very hard to change this in a lot of these people's mind because the
The agreement and the consensus here the illusion of consensus is very strong at this table
And despite the fact that brian hooker and that lady from the vaccine act and del all hitting home runs
It doesn't matter in this context
Because the first hour
were
operatives
The first hour were people that are rich
Independently wealthy
Totally set up with either a house on the ocean or a house on the border of a national park with horses and emus
Or multiple houses in multiple countries
Come on guys
This isn't right
We what we have in common is our eyes are open to this our eyes are open to the danger
And we've we've set that aside because we need to heal you and fight this nation
We need to convey the truth. So anybody listening to this and I realize this is a reasonably long session
But I think an incredibly important one that ought to be one of the primary takeaways
This is what we must do as a nation. We need to set aside that and they are so many in so many instances petty
Political differences and understand what what made this we need to set aside our differences in elect robert kennedy jr
President is what sounds like they're saying here without actually saying it's country
And what made progress around the world possible and that's called freedom and the higher value of the truth
But dr. Winston yoltenison. Thank you for coming here and for your powerful testimony
Thank you. Um next presenter is mr
Randy hillier mr
Hillier served in the Canadian parliament for 15 years
I'm the first member to publicly oppose his government's response to covid here we go
Well did it get some randy
With a three and a half year prison term for support of the Canadian truckers and mr
Hillier
Thank you very much senator and
Thank you also very much for your commitment to truth freedom and faith. Yes
I was elected to the Ontario parliament on four different occasions and served 15 years
Ontario is Canada's most populous province and largest economy in on march 26 2020
I became the first elected representative in any Canadian parliament to publicly oppose the state of emergency
And the lockdowns and then the mandatory mass and mandatory jobs
The police in Ontario charged me 25 times for not abiding by the mandates and hosting no more lockdown rallies across the province
20 charges have been withdrawn. I still have five of those
yet to win
I have also been charged with nine criminal offenses for being in and advocating for the freedom truckers convoy in alwah february 2022
The crown attorney is seeking a three and a half year prison sentence for my words
Unbelievable
Senator today. We're under the and democracy is under these bright lights here in this room
For all to see and thank you, but there is a much more to government that is not under the bright lights
There was a dark side to all governments. This investigative committee is seeking answers to what did they hide?
It would be a much shorter committee if it was what did they not hide
However, I'll provide one short. I think that guy right there is the dude from um, can you see my mouse?
That's the guy from the epoch times that's making the
Documentary series with rober mola and I think that's him first-hand story that reveals what the political leadership in Ontario hid from
Everyone's view and I believe it was neither unique nor confined to Ontario
But ubiquitous throughout the western world including here in the USA
During the last week of april in 2020 my position opposing the government's
Postrous and outrageous mandates were well known to everyone and to all my colleagues
I knew at the time there was but it doesn't other legislators who shared my views, but not one of them would be public about
their position
Although I was no longer in the government caucus and I had declared myself to be an independent member of the legislature one day
I was approached by four
senior staff members from the premier's office the premier would be akin to a state governor here in the United States
They had a singular question. They wanted to discuss with me as they knew that I would give them an honest answer
and the question was and we did this quietly and discreetly not underneath the the bright lights of
Democracy, but they did want an honest answer and the question was Randy. How do we get out of this mess?
They knew that the virus in its harm
And its lethality was highly exaggerated. They knew that the state of emergency was entirely unnecessary and harmful
They knew that the lockdowns were exceptionally harmful
But they also knew that the 24-7 media hysteria was out of control and I created a fearful
Anxiety-ridden mob
They also knew that the premier's closest most influential advisors
Were lobbyists for pharma and tech and that they saw the pandemic through a very very profitable lens for themselves and for their clients
They also knew from the extensive deity polling
That appealing to the mob's fear was politically beneficial
They feared however these four staffers feared the long-term damage would be horrendous
To themselves to their families and the province and my answer to them was very simple
I explained that they needed to be honest with with the premier and his advisors
Explain that to the public that the premier had acted out of the abundance of caution to the uncertainty
But the facts were now known and proved that the virus was far less dangerous than first expected
That the modeling was highly fictitious and exaggerated and that the consequences of the lockdowns were unbearable and
Far more dangerous than what covid ever would be and to simply ask for the people's understanding and forgiveness
For the needless harms that were done and in simple terms. I told them that to get out of this
Required them to be honest and truthful
But they told me that the truth could not be told they could not accept that that
It would cost them all their jobs
So what did we hide?
We hid the facts and certainly we had to hid the context we disguised all the data and all the stats
But we also advocated our responsibilities and instead of providing leadership
We became followers to the very mob we had created and helped to create
And then we concealed our motivations
But also many
politicians
Also were victims of this con job called covid. We hid the truth
We feared honesty and we had broken
God's commandment and our covenant
And we disguised once again that
political interests political party interests
Always trump the public's interest. Thank you. I don't know why I love me though
There were a lot of covid. I've seen a better presentation than that from randy
But I just don't understand why people won't say that they lied
Why won't people say that the biosecurity state and members of the biosecurity state have been lying about this for decades
They lie about it all the time and lying to our citizens has led to this trauma
Lying to our politicians has led to this trauma lying to our militaries led to this trauma lying to our school boards our
Our state representatives our state health boards lying to all of these people has caused this trauma
That's what we should be saying and we're not
I
Because they don't want to question the spread of the virus
They don't want to question the the the fundamental parts of the faith
Which is there was a novel virus had killed millions of people millions more were saved from it
It was comes from had laboratory in wuhan as harvey rice declared so certainly and it will come again because we're still doing these experiments
There's no difference between any of these people except for the three on that side with del
And brian and lorraine and they're still also trapped in this because of the illusion of consensus around the table
Tyrants around the world, uh your prime minister was one of the more more oppressive
Um, does he still have public support is say that the prime minister Trudeau still enjoy radio public support in Canada? No, he uh
His best before date is near at its end and i'm sure he will not survive another electoral cycle
If he even makes it to the next
I love candy love Canadians like fishing for your walleye up in link of the woods. Can you describe?
You know some of the persecutions of the truckers. I like fishing for your walleye. I think that's what he said
That was funny
It was very it was very difficult to watch and inspired a trucker moving here in the ice days as well
But it's really that's a real Wisconsin thing to say
I mean, I don't know how many people fish and know what a walleye is
But I knew what a walleye was before I could talk I think the Canadian truckers
They had the courage to step forward and protest and they were treated savagely weren't they?
Oh, absolutely. There was trucks vandalized by the uh, buddy authorities. There was physical abuse
Still going. What's up?
But then there was the the law fair that was
Applied and as the chief of police in Ottawa said he said we were going to hunt you all down
During the convoy
And and they have um, there's people here this weekend that were
hunted down and man
We used to eat bullhead. You know what bullhead are my mom used to fry those suckers up bullhead are tasty
And we ain't we ain't sunfish and bluegill. I mean
Like they were going out of style. I can remember we went to a couple lakes north of where I lived
All the time a couple hours north
And we would go for an extended weekend and sometimes we would go out on the lake and use beetle spins
You know spinners to cast and almost every cast was a fish
You could be
Come back with like 80 fish clean them for an hour put them in the freezer and come home with
Like bags and bags of frozen fish that we'd we all winter long
Like when it was fish night, we would just get out of bag and fry it all up. It was the best. I mean my gosh
fish
Fresh water fish for food on rice with like just fresh tomatoes and onions and a little bit of
A fish sauce or something. I mean, it's just the bomb
It's the best
That that the earth can offer basically is to be on a lake
and and catching fish that you're going to eat in like an hour is just
I want to give that to my children so bad and I have not yet done it. It's really frustrating
Charge a year later who had trucks in charge with what charge with mischief obstruction
Generally very trivial catch all criminal charges, but
As we know senator we can oh, I hate to say it
We used to bounce the perch off of the bottom of the of the boat because my grandma didn't like the perch
And so we would bounce them off the bottom of the boat and then let them float and then the eagles would come down and get
When you use the law with malice
Yeah, you can make due process do punishment very quickly and and that is what our
Authorities are doing in Ottawa. They're not using the justice
Yeah, I'm sorry
They're using it as a weapon to destroy people's liberties
Do they see bank accounts shut down credit cards that type of thing many people had their bank accounts frozen their credit card accounts
eliminated mortgage accounts
Revoked many many people were put in exceptionally
Financial straights for being at the freedom convoy
Just that's right. You reminded me that now
That's exactly why my grandma didn't like the perch because they had the tiny bones. That's really funny
Wow, I didn't remember that nice one to go
the
Authority that Trudeau used to seize those assets. So the cash and the bank accounts and the credit cards
That decision was overturned or it was has been ruled ultra varies and unconstitutional
And that there was never a threat to the security of the nation during the truckers convoy because indeed
It was the most joyful most family-friendly most exuberant
Well most happy time that the city of Ottawa has ever seen in its history
So that's one victory, but again, it's a warning against things like government controlled digital currencies, correct
It's you know your experience in terms of what the government did to people's bank accounts their their assets
That would argue against things like government controlled digital digital currencies. Oh, this is yeah, we're we're we have got a suite of
Intolerable acts coming towards us. The central bank digital currencies the who pandemic treaty the biodigial convergence the 15 minute cities
the global warming all of these I can best describe as a another con and
250 years ago the American
Colonials saw a whole bunch of coercive intolerable acts perpetrated by authorities and they stood up and rebelled
We've got far far worse co-wars of acts coming to all countries in the western liberals
Founders have to be spinning in their graves
Anyway, so there's an example of what happened in Canada and I will turn to Romania our next presenter is Dr
Soren Titus Munkonkala set pretty close
But the the doctor is a doctor and a member of Romanian parliament. He specializes in earth
She's smiling
She's smiling because she knows him from the meeting on the 18th 17th and 18th of November in
2023 where Brett Weinstein
Meryl nast Robert Malone Jill Glass pool Malone Harvey Reich
Nick Hudson
Denny Rancor
Brett Weinstein
Jessica Rose
Byron bridal
All those people were all together in Romania where where Tate lives
for a conference
one of the most
corrupt nations in the EU
To have a covid conference and they brought a friend back to the senate to talk about what's happening in eastern europe
Isn't that great?
Wow, that's just super handy
Peetix he works with foreign graduate for Virginia hospital center. He specialized in the vinci surgical robot doctor
Thank you very much. He specializes in a surgical robot. Oh
My gosh, tell me he's a collaborator of of elon musk and i'll just stop the video right now
She's very honored for me to be here
And what i'm going to speak about is the fact that we are four years in this saga and we can look back
To what happens and I can give you the perspective
I'm sure glad that we have this romanian guy to tell us all these things because i'm sure there's no american that could tell us
I'm sure there's no african-american who could tell us i'm sure there's no military officer who could tell us
I'm sure there's no
Hispanic doctor who could tell us i'm sure there's nobody with any other colored skin that could tell us anything useful
We had to import a white guy from frickin romania
People the romanian experience. We are a party having probably 10 percent of the votes
We got in the parliament in 2020 and we from the very beginning of this
pandemic we decided that the rights of the people to decide if they accept or not a experimental
a drug should be
Should be respected. Therefore, we start a fight in the parliament and like I said, we are only 10 percent of the votes
so first it was
They come to us to a mandatory vaccination law that they kept in the draw for from 2017 now
um
I mean I mentioned that because I found out that one of their strategy is is called like a mouth trap
in other words, they put pieces of legislation in place and
People are not aware of what those pieces of legislation means
But all of a sudden they declare an emergency and the trap closes and then we found out ourselves in the trap
And so we don't want to have an american
Present to explain how the trap is orchestrated in america
We don't want to have an american here to explain that because we just went around the table for three hours and talked to a lot of americans
And a lot of canadians and none of them were able to say it
Even brian hooker and the lady with the net the vaccine act and del didn't really say that the prep act needs to be repealed
No one at this table has said that the prep act and its cicp and vicp
I guess it would be the cicp
Of the prep act is a violation of the seventh amendment. Nobody said that
Nobody said that we should we should restore strict liability to pharmaceutical products
They've said a lot of stuff, but they haven't said the concise language that would hit the bull's eye with one sentence
No, buddy said transfection and healthy humans was criminally negligent because everybody in academia should have known
Nobody like kevin mccernan or or robert malone has confessed and said we should have known we did know we didn't say anything because we thought
worst case scenario was possible
And now this guy is going to explain to us how
How laws can be set up like little mouse traps and we're living in the country where real ideas being rolled out
We're in the country where the patriot act was put out. We're in the country where the prep act is
We're in the country that set up the united nations were in the country
And he's going to tell us how they did it in romania
How's that going to help the west escape?
How's that going to save us?
Brett's dad is a lawyer
Brett's brother works for peter teals investment firm
And is supposed to be one of the smartest physicists in the world
Brett's brother thinks that his I mean his that he is one of the smartest biologists in the world
And yet after three hours of talking no one has really said transfection except for kevin mccernan
Nobody has said anything about clones
Nobody has said anything about RNA fidelity or question the sequences or questioning spread
Or talking about denny rancor's data that shows that there was no spread no one and they were all in romania
Even this guy saw the presentation of denny rancor in his home country at buda pest and he's not going to say it
He's talking about how the mouse traps of laws were set up
And
That's what who is going to do in may so
We oppose that after that we start alerting the population that something is wrong with coercion coercion doesn't look like it's a
It's benefited anybody. So
What's right me was and our party was the fact that when they start the vaccination
Campaign they put military on the streets that doesn't really ring democracy to us
So we for it we got people involved and we start fighting
Now the coercion was done by the european union
I mean they came up with the past the green past and that was to force people if they want to travel or they want to go to the mall to the bank
To have this green certificate. However, the crucial piece of legislation was green certificate at the workplace
Which means from 18 to 65 the active population they want to vaccinate that population and we fiercely oppose that
We did everything in the book that we could to stop that and we stop it and as
As a consequence to that the Romanian rate of vaccination was probably less than half of what other european countries experience
organized states, Canada and Australia and
Therefore we can compare now the low rate and the excess mortality
And that's the best proof I can bring to the table is the fact that having a synergy
Relationship between a low rate of vaccination and low excess mortality, which is right there
You see it on the Romania is the last country on the right, which means we have negative
Excess mortality while all the other countries in europe have positive excess mortality some of them go to 20
I was appalled by the figures. Mr. Dogave. I truly believe in those. It's a it's excess mortality is coming up in europe in in
Great figures and I think all western countries are facing the same situation if you have a high rate of vaccination
it's a synegy relationship with
excess mortality in the year following that and
To be honest at this point. I think
We should have been aware of the fact that they are hiding for us all those figures
not only that but it took us a lot of
Energy and effort to to get the the contract the Pfizer contract the Pfizer contract looks exactly like like the paper
You show it's black everywhere. It's a secret in in those contracts and
We for the european union to tell us exactly what was happening with the vaccination
During the same day the day of the vaccination. Well, it's european union has roughly more than 400 million people and lots of them were vaccinated, but
the day they
Have the vaccine 12,000 people died the same day and that should tell something about how criminal this endeavor
Because you can you can't say
Well, 12,000 people died. I mean, it's not a small figure, right?
And I believe to the bottom of my heart that this was a great crime against humanity that these companies were doing by promoting and by
executing this vaccination
and
unfortunately
It's happened and looking back. We can see what happened
In the short time remaining. How would you explain?
Romania's ability to resist versus the rest of the europe in the united states?
I mean, what's it? Is it cultural? Was it just your ability to convince people or what?
Yeah, this is the subject of hesitancy
Remember they took steps to avoid to to counterbalance hesitancy
Therefore and one of the things that I think for
Repurpose one of the things that they did to counter hesitancy was to see the worst case scenario throughout
2021 on all corners of the internet from mainstream media to the darkest corners of the internet
The worst case scenario was seeded. The millions of people would die if we did not conform to the health
Agencies mandates and health agencies
recommendations
This was what they told us all around the world all over the place everywhere and every meeting in every room
Medication they try to they have a media cartel the trusted news initiative who actually purposely decided not to
Try to facilitate the vaccination, but to come I mean you can think of Romania as kind of like okay
So where could we go in europe and get a bunch of people to feel like they were doing a big deal and and making a difference
But actually not making any difference at all
If you really wanted to make a difference you would have an international covid summit in france
Or an international covid summit in germany or an international covid summit maybe in the netherlands
But instead they had an international covid summit in belgium and some back
back room
Conference room at the parliament and then they had an international covid summit in romaine
One of the most inconsequential places in the whole european union
Should tell you everything it's not that this guy's bad
It's the people who organize the international covid summit in the backwaters of romania that are are sketchy
When they could have tried to organize it in paris or in berlin or in azlo
Third the other measure which were
Repurpose drugs and
And it's my belief that
Because they did that
Now we are facing this situation. It's a
Pessitancy was something that they tried as much as they could to
Counter but in romania the problem they face is that we are
40 years after a communist dictatorship 30 30 four years after communism dictatorship and it's in our gene
It's in our
To distrust the government because we knew every time a communist government is saying anything or it's directing anything
we knew
That's a lie that's something that we should not trust or we should not follow when european union started behaving like the
USSR with those commissars coming to us and mr. Barnier came to
Romania this gentleman was the commiser for internal affairs of the european union and
Push us push the remaining parliament to to vote the being certificate at the workplace
I definitely oppose that and I knew they have no scientific base for that
And I ask him in the remin parliament if you ask us to vaccinate people from 18 to 65
You better have a scientific proof that that will it's what we are looking for
We are to have a proof of scientific proof to to justify that and he said no, it should be a political you belong to european union
You should follow that directly. Well, guess what? We did not
I think more people around the world are taking more of a remaining attitude toward crushing their government
I think that's a good thing. Thank you, dr
Our next presenters mr. Rob roose this roose is a member of the european parliament
He garnered worldwide attention for his viral video of a hearing with fires executive jineen schmall
Being here admit that fires is vaccine had not been tested on stopping the transmission of the covid 19 virus
First of all job. Well done. Thank you mr. roose
Thank you senator for having me here
The topic of today is what are they hiding and I will speak about the WHO pandemic treaty
On december 1st
2021 the 9 194 members of the world health organization agreed to move quickly on a treaty
agreement or other international instrument on future pandemics
The power of the WHO and in particular the power of the director general
To monitor to coordinate and to direct would be significantly expanded
The european union is pushing for a legally binding pandemic treaty, but that would require a two-third majority here in the u.s. Senate
negotiations are ongoing
I have the draft right here
But it's probably
But it's unlikely that it would pass worldwide
Simultaneously, however negotiations are ongoing on more than 300 amendments
to the international health regulation
They were originally
submitted by the Biden administration and they will be
subject to a vote by the general assembly of the WHO at the end of May
These amendments would not have to be ratified by any national parliament
thus
Enabling the WHO to circumvent national democracy. Thereby they form the truth
imminent danger to freedom worldwide
Trucker Carlson made an informative segment
Initial on Fox in 2022 warning the public against this global pandemic treaty
It makes total sense because this is catchier than amendments to the international health regulation
however
As we can see from the original amendments if adopted they would already give the WHO a leading
Convening and coordinating role in the operational aspects of an emergency response to a pandemic
So in short the pandemic treaty is indeed diverse, but the amendments are the true imminent danger
And the WHO seems to be in hurry in May 2022. There was a vote on two significant changes to the procedure of adoption
A significant reduction of the periods provided for under article 59 of the 2005 IHR in two regards
First of all the procedure for entry
Into force is changed when the article 59 paragraph two of the amended IHR
There is a reduction from the original 24 months to 12 months for the entry into force
Second the period for rejection or expressing reservation on amendments to the IHR is reduced from 18 to 10 months
The vote for this change of the IHR was performed in violation of the WHR constitution
Due to lack of approve of consent. There was no vote and no record of who was present
Without the words basic procedural rules for the correct formation of a vote have been violated
The democratic process has been sabotaged by letter
And I have this letter over here. I have requested the director general tatros for proof of simple majority
But I have not received any response yet
It would surprise me however that something like an illegal procedural change is going to stop the WHO
General assembly from adopting the Biden amendments to the IHR in May
If they are adopted democracy will be sidelined in the event the WHO decides to declare a pandemic
Experts believe the WHO could then in practice impose log-downs and force medical interventions and dictate medical protocols
Such a one-size-fits-all response to a pandemic crisis is foolish in geographical zones characterized by vastly
Different parameters and it is of course totally undemocratic
Instead of a central bureaucratic process. We need local democratic decision-making. The WHO cannot be trusted at all
It is funded by china by big pharma and by philanthropic
Film profits. I call them oligarchs. By the way, they there are enormous conflict of interest
Further amendments threaten free speech and seek to increase censorship of differing opinions potentially transforming our nation into totally tarian-like states
Conclusion defenders of freedom on both sides of the Atlantic need to stop these amendments from coming into pass
Thank you very much
Thank you mr
Just one quick question. What what is the attitude toward these amendments in the european parliament?
Are you an outlier or is there a great deal of resistance?
Well, I think there is a big problem
People believe that the WHO is a neutral government organization, which is not and 80% of its funding is coming from
voluntary contributions 80% and nobody knows people they do believe that is a neutral government organization
So there is no awareness and and I think that is the problem. So in the european union
It's not really a topic at this moment. So I'm very happy that you are organizing this hearing and that we can raise this awareness
So no, we need awareness. There's no doubt about it. So thank mr
Next to our presenters mr. Philip cruza
Mr. cruza is a Swiss lawyer who has been practicing law since 1998
He specialized in tax and in constitutional law his own law firm in zirik and is admitted to all courts in switzerland mr. cruza
Thank you very much senator
For hosting this important business hearing and thank you much for inviting me
It's an honor to give an overview on the key points of concern with the WHO's new pandemic regime
And I will do so from a purely constitutional and fundamental law and international law perspective
Now first, I've already mentioned my robros member of parliament of euro
When analyzing WHO's new pandemic legal regime
We need to consider two different international treaties that are about to be negotiated as we speak number one a completely new international convention
The so-called new pandemic treaty and number two amendments to the already existing international health regulations
Both of these legal instruments shall be adopted already in May 2024
This is three months from now at the next world health assembly by WHO's 194 member states
I will take them together for the reason of time and focus on the consequences for democracy for the constitutions of every member state
And for the people now. This is
The information that is hidden from the people and that everybody must know with respect to these new pandemic agreements
Number one general remarks both of these legal instruments are technically international agreements
They are included between 194 member states, but they involve and has as a target and objective the world health organization as a third party
Number two these agreements are negotiated without taking into consideration the massive and undeniable amount of data and of scientific evidence
About the collateral damages of the global pandemic management of the WHO
And the WHO as probably most governments are still today in a state of total denial with respect to these collateral damages
There's no learning even worse. These new pandemic legal regime will legalize all the methods of this pandemic period under covid 19
That have proven to be harmful or wrong
Third general remark on the basis of these two legal instruments member states will transfer constitutional powers to the WHO in extent never seen before
WHO will be given full discretion to set up conditions under which all kinds of mandates including injections of experimental substances can be made mandatory on a global scale
I come now to the details
WHO's already existing authority to declare a public health emergency of international concern will become massively extended
They will be allowed to declare all kinds of public health emergency under any given reason without any
Responsibility to clear standards. This will come under the title and concept of one health
So whether to fight a human influenza with a new subtype or to reduce rising level of co2
Or to respond to the loss of biodiversity or to fight climate change all of that can give rise to the next pandemic
Public health emergency of international concern and I refer to the amendments to an article 12 of the international health regulations
This is pure arbitrariness. This is the opposite of the rule of law
And it comes without a mechanism to correct or to stop this declaration of the emergency
And this is the first point of member states will give away control of their country
In addition linked to that in the national legislation regulatory legislation of the member states with the decoration of a public health emergency
Comes the abolishment of ordinary safety standards for medical products
Point number two
Which all will be authorized to issue recommendations with legally binding effects. This is legislation
This is legislation directed by directly affecting every human being. We are talking about mandatory testing methods by useless tools
Mandatory travel restrictions mandatory lockdowns mandatory vaccinations with predefined experimental products mass quarantines and so on
This doctrine of mandatory one size fits all will deny all human beings the individual treatment the right for individual treatment
They deserve it will also hinder medical doctors to truly care about their patients
This doctrine is totally tearing by design and we have to oppose it
It is a blank check to literally violate bodily autonomy of every human being and humiliate people on a global scale
Point number three censorship as who has already done on the covet 19
This international organization will be granted the global supreme authority to define truth and science
And to eliminate free speech and free exchange of information under the title of infodemics
Now as we all should know free speech and free information are among the founding principles in every democracy in every constitution
Without free speech and free information by definition. There can be no free science. There can be no fair justice
And most of all there can be no democracy, but this is not all with this global health censorship
People will never learn never know about the dangers that are associated with these mRNA based products and other countermeasures
So they will be mandated to take experimental injections without an informed consent
And this is ladies and gentlemen an example of cruel in human or decorating treatment
As it is absolutely prohibited on the mandatory international law as it is written down in the united nations covenant on civil and political rights article seven
And breach of which can never be justified
Point number four in the same time the new pandemic treaty is a basis for a state directed economy under the wake concept of equity
And it will allow even create cartels for the pandemic industry that will enjoy guaranteed profits without any liability for the damages they cause
Just as we have seen that already under court point four all of the above will become reality without any mechanism to effectively control or stop the w h o
So there will be no checks and balances but full discretion and arbitrariness to the benefit of w h o
Even full immunity and no accountability and here again checks and balances is another of the founding principles in every constitution
Which comes here under attack. So let's speak about point number six the next point fundamental rights
Well, that is easily responded. We see some lines in the new pandemic treaty
Claiming fundamental rights to be the basic principles of w h o but I ask you with such a strict regime of unnecessary promoted
emergencies with censorship and with mandatory medical treatment
How will it be possible to protect human rights for a judge who only hears one side and is not allowed to consider even the other side
From those brave scientists who most of them who many of them are here in the room. It will be impossible by design
And associated with that is the fact that the governments will always try to
comply with their international obligations towards w h o
We need to move on to let me just say i'm clearly convinced
Okay, this is this is something needs to be defeated. You know, unfortunately in the u.s
It's like so many things. It's part is an issue
I offered an amendment to make any agreement
Any agreement to treaty they have to come before the senate for ratification two thirds approval
And that was voted down on party lines. So just a quick question before we have to move on
How many nations are going to vote on these amendments? What's what's in count?
It's 190 nations
194 nations are the members of the w h o and what is the prospect that it will pass?
I mean, I I mean, what was the political dynamic here? Are smaller nations in favor of this?
I mean, there's a great great skepticism or as mr. Ruse was saying
Oh, people think that the who's a good organization and this is going to just fly through passage
Yeah, we can only feel
Little hints and see little hints that behind the scenes our nations are many nations are not happy with this agreement
But for other purposes and we talk here about
That's about business that one part of the nation's want to have more money from the richer countries and the richer countries
Do not want to share their patterns and or money to the main veto of its nation again
We need awareness this has to be defeated. So again, thanks for your for your testimony
I didn't want to leave a little room. I know miss laura had miss logan had a question
Give you a short period time for that
But quick want to go to dr. ryan cole who's just made in some of these other panels and he requested a couple minutes to just see
ryan cole which we had 99 other senators like you
Um, it's an honor to be here
Ryan cole man. I'm telling you I might be a good guy
I like ryan
It is natural to man to indulge in the illusions of hope
We are apt to shut our eyes against a painful truth and listen to the song of that siren until she transforms us into beasts
Is this the part of wise men engaged in a great arduous struggle for liberty?
Are we disposed to be of the number of those who having eyes see not and having ears here not
I think which so nearly concerned their temporal salvation for my heart whatever anguish of spirit it may cost
I am willing to know the whole truth to know
I think that ryan cole is the only one who tied a double wilson not which I will
Acknowledge as being a level up from all these other clowns passing to speak
It is natural to man to indulge in the illusions of hope
We are apt to shut our eyes against a painful truth and listen to the song of that siren until she transforms us into beasts
Is this the part of wise men engaged in a great arduous struggle for liberty?
Are we disposed to be of the number of those who having eyes see not and having ears here not
The things which so nearly concerned their temporal salvation for my part whatever anguish of spirit it may cost
I am willing to know the whole truth to know the worst and to provide for it
I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided and that is the lamp of experience
I know of no way of judging the future, but by the past
These wise words from patrick henry just down the street from where I went to medical school at san john's church in richmond virginia in 1775
Now when I became a physician, I did not give up my constitutional rights
The right to freedom of speech
enumerated in the first amendment
We in this room and I honor those from around the world who have come here and stood up for freedom to give us
Americans an example of how we are supposed to stand on those founding principles
That were given to us by our founding fathers. Thank you for your example for standing up
Thank you to the military members here who stood up against illegal mandates in the military illegal orders
Thank you to the vaccine inter to her here
Who have tried to have a voice
Yeah, ryan continue to get gaslit in silence
Yeah, ryan
leaders like senator johnson and others who continue to open the doors for what is a
Fundamental right in the united states of america and that is free speech the censorship. We've endured the gaslighting the silencing is unconstitutional
People say that there is nothing in the constitution that accounts for a pandemic. Oh, yes, there is
It's called the ninth amendment and what does that ninth amendment say?
The enumeration of the constitution of certain rights shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by whom the people
The this limits the ability of the national government to infringe on non enumerated rights
You'll write to your body. You're right to privacy
I could give a one-hour talk. I won't senator johnson was gracious to give me two minutes
I
Been censored. I've been attacked by boards of medicine by newspapers nationally internationally locally CEOs of local hospitals, etc
For what for harming patients? No, do I have any patient complaints against me for covid treatment? Absolutely not
But I spoke something that somebody else didn't like I reserved the right to be right
I reserved the right to be wrong but more than anything I reserved the right to speak
It is the foundational principle of this great nation
And when we lose that we lose a nation
We
Can talk about science all day long and we've heard brilliant scientists
We've been censored for knowing things that we know and seeing things that we see
And again, experience is the greatest teacher of all
Don't be deaf. Don't be blind
Don't be a jerk to your neighbors
You know, let's have disagreements. That's what built this nation
Do you think those rooms in the early days of the founding of this country were just a love vest?
No, they weren't it wasn't all flowers and and guitar strumming
It was heated debate and we've lost that art in our world and in our society
We need to return to respectable debate. We need to return to the opportunity to share thought be it right or be it wrong
With this I'll conclude very simply
If life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery
Forbid it almighty god. I know what course others might take
But as for me give me liberty or give me death
But even more so honor the common doctors honor the common scientists honor the common citizens free speech
Or it may lead to the death of all of us. Thank you, senator
Thank you. Dr. Cole. I think I'll use moderate discretion. Say that's we'll end this
I want to thank all the participants first of all for your courage because I know the very
I really like him. I understand that I really like Ryan Cole
Ryan Cole ran up to me
We're working in government if you're seeing something that needs to be exposed if you want to tell the truth
There's a
Email you can use whistleblower at ron Johnson dot senate dot gov where you can blow the whistle
That's what we need. We need more patriots understanding the threat the danger our nation faces
Because of the misinformation the disinformation the malformation not coming from the dissidents
We're from our government from our elite
Just put this country on a very dangerous path. So again, thank you all
For participating this and I would just urge anybody watching this. Please share this link. We'll do an edit
Thank you very much for joining me. This has been giga home biological high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by biologist ron Johnson
Deserves a little bit of a hat tip for having this meeting even though it was populated by people that he probably didn't choose
He deserves a hat tip for having ryan for having ryan speak for having del speak for having brian hooker speak
Um
Like there were voices there that needed to be heard there were good people there that needed to be heard
And so it was worth watching it was worth digesting and thank you very much for digesting it with me
Um, i'm going to be on again tomorrow. So I guess I will just sign off and say i'll see you again tomorrow. Thank you very much for joining me
Um, I love you all very very much. Don't forget to watch mark who's atonic
Um, don't forget to share his work and share his website
And uh share this stream share this message with people if you can
If you can go to giga home biological.com and help support this work. I'll see you again tomorrow
So
I
Somebody I think something was rubbing in the back there. That's annoying. All right. I'll see you guys later. Thank you very much